Our  company. This is what it takes to put on our show. AWESOME crew. 
Really awesome closeup look at a terrible disaster. The collapse of the Hyatt Regency walkways in Kansas City. 
At  I learned how to operate a loom and found inspiration for my tape holder! 
 It's a date.
 Dude! Those look amazing! And holy cow  your yard is beautiful. Can I come over? I can make a pretty good omelet.
Check out the awesome sword from PVC made for me by Jacksonville fan 3! Thank you sir!! I love it! 
A huge thanks to Matt Stalbergerand Bryce Newcomb for the amazing tour of their shop at . I could have 
John Oliver on why we should all look at the AHCA & what it's REALLY about. Look for yourself. Do research. CALL YOUR REPRESENTATIVE!!
Beautiful!! REally nice paint job. 
They wanted to take an art form that was generally digital and recreate it with tactile materials as a form of fine art. Amazing job! [3/3]
Each artwork took about a month to complete. Bryces brother Dustin helped source the material and create the frames. [2/3]
I LOVED these pieces at . Their designer Bryce Newcomb designed and created them, which feature 1/8 co 
This is SO COOL.  
Melbourne, FL, this could be you! Still some tickets available to our  show tomorrow! 
This awesome guest at  said  and I inspired him to design clothes. He's wearing his own c 
Made an awesome friend last night in Orlando!   
Look at that organization! I was in heaven at 's shop. 
OMG I'm so happy that this is happening. I LOVE  so MUCH: 
Shooting at the  for  earlier this week. 
I love my new  apron. Thank you! 
.'s absolutely GORGEOUS robot skeleton from . Video:  
Sorry. Sent too soon. Just pointing out how rarely the GOP cares about Single Moms unless it's a budget item worth 
Single Moms: the special i 
Sooo: old people are "special interest groups" & corporations are people. We are already in a dystopic future.  
SHAME belongs to  for suggesting that Jackson's TRAIL OF TEARS is a PRECEDENT FOR POTUS. AAARGH!! 
I love it when ANY politician falls out of party lockstep and starts to deal with issues ON THEIR MERITS.  
If you can't make the choice to fix your hardware, you don't really own it. And that is EXACTLY the plan.  
Maggie smiling. 
Orlando! We've been selling out, but we still have tickets for tomorrow night's ! Hope to see you! 
Well, I hope I'm not THAT anonymous. 
I LOVE YOU! 
No. Weird. 
It's not a monopoly. It's a molopsony. One customer. 
That's right. MORE PIE! Happy   
I'm not talking economics. I'm talking humanism. Taking care of each other. Please unfollow me now that you've insu 
Ok. Whew! Got to bathe and dress for dinner. Loving Austin today. Makers RULE. I love all of you! And one last time : SINGLE PAYER!!
Let it go. Let his racist little heart twist in the wind without an echo chamber 
Right!! I forgot about private prisons for the last 20 min. Our grandkids will be appalled we let THAT tragedy fest 
Those straw men fall down so EASILY. 
Enjoy some of the slowest internet in the industrialized world, and look up digital redlining in CLEVELAND. 
Then I'm assuming you're for privatizing fire depts, so we can benefit from that sweet sweet innovation they've ref 
Of course. This is required by law. That is (shockingly) an uncontroversial fact 
Aaaaand what makes you think our healthcare system is different? 
Wait, you can't see how a healthy populace is a MASSIVE PUBLIC GOOD? 
Where's the "can't afford it" outrage when POTUS wants to ADD 58bn to a military already larger than all our opponents COMBINED
Yeah that really worked out with internet and cable tv. 
Well, we spent a trillion dollars for a bullshit war- for bullshit reasons, with a bullshit outcome. Overall it's C 
We all agree to pay for police & fire depts. why is this so contentious?! (Psst! MONEY)
Ppl w/o insurance STILL go 2 hospital ( high cost we pay). Covered ppl cost less overall. Single payer costs EVERYONE less overall.
Say it with me everyone : SINGLE PAYER!!
According to Ryan the reason they won't continue with insurance that costs 1/2 of their income is because they "cho 
You're being willfully obtuse. I'm sorry for you and how the world looks through your eyes. 
Steve Kings Views are disgusting and repellant. I'm sad that this is being normalized.  ?
Happy ! I am celebrating at the most perfect place: the  in Austin!  
I am SO excited to introduce the first video from my national makerspace tour, featuring a stop at 1FabLab! 
Loved meeting the cast of my favorite show ! Look!    !!! 
Hello, ! 
Hey FLORIDIANS!!  I am coming to: St. Petersburg, Orlando, Melbourne, and Jacksonville NEXT WEEK. Bring the FAM! 
I'm in Austin!! In front of . A magnificent institution! See you at  at 5 pm! 
This is STRAIGHT UP TERRIFYING. We are BUILDING a nation of Flint Michigans. MAKE YOUR VOICE HEARD (respectfully) 
33   It's so good. I love your writing!
My FAVORITE social (and film) critic Kareem Abdul-Jabbar writes about Get Out & James Baldwin doc (both AMAZING)  
 is indeed looking at some delectable sites in Canada for the fall! See you up there my northern bro 
I love all of you. Sorry if I've been quieter lately. Lots of travel for . And it's super fun to do to boot. Late nights.
Yeah. Gorgeous. Sigh. 
 I know. Me too.
This is SO COOL.  
Basic online access shouldn't cost more than physical paper. But our media has to get paid for somehow. Not everyth 
Yes. An excellent one 
Actually we should ALL be signing up and subscribing to this our fave rags. They NEED our support. I proudly pay fo 
Cultural biases are everywhere. They're simply working to expand horizons. I hear you but I don't think this is a h 
Wow!! 
My pleasure! Best of luck to you!! 
So cool! 
I didn't even know this was a thing! Awesome. Wiki about books I've mentioned! Lets add Feynman. Sagan. 
Yeah, if you're going 2 tilt at every windmill, you'll miss the real battles. Yelling rarely gets ppl 2 take their 
One more puzzle piece in our  scavenger hunt is still up for grabs in Austin! Clues:  
Yeah. Let's stop piling on the person who objected to my turtle tweet. She wasn't being antagonistic, just expressi 
It's fairly blatant, but I'll wager  got a chuckle out of it. I'll ask when I see him 
I plan to at some point. It's long been on my list. Nothing out there is remotely close. I LOVE this sword. 
LOVE my  app, but high volume of click-bait-y  pieces detracts from that whole "paper of record" vibe. Facts are better.
Here's some delicious Brain Candy. Lovely explication of the Josephus problem in math. Via my friends   
My friend DC Spensley is curator, and I have a Star Wars prototype in ! Check it out!  
Are you rejecting my reality? I would LOVE to show you the detailed methodology and how its true & doesn't really t 
Thank you!! 
Incidentally, if you haven't seen my friend 's , you should. It's AMAZEBALLS. 
Thing 1 was impressed as well. Thank you,  and ! 
That's a 65 million year old turtle carapace! It's from 's Edelman Fossil Park. 
The other day my friend  took me to 's Edelman Fossil lab and quarry. What an AMAZING d 
You guys are awesome! Just 2 puzzle pieces left as part of our Austin maker scavenger hunt:   
Are you at ? I'll be there on Monday! Hope to see you at my panel at 5 pm.   via 
I hear 2 puzzle pieces have already been found! 7 more to go in our  maker scavenger hunt. Play from home: 
Best  post ever. An astoundingly wide overview of current economic woes. 
Welcome to the new POTUS. Where all news he don't like is fake. And health care is only for the wealthy.  
I can't believe this was a year ago. (BTW, did anyone watch to the VERY end and catch the Easter egg?)  
Are you at ? I'll be there on Monday! Hope to see you at my panel at 5 pm.   via 
Good thing I'm not a red-crowned crane.  
AMAZING crowd in DC tonight! Thanks for those two challenge Coins (you know who you are) those sound like intense units you served on!!!
The 3D printers we have on our  tour are VERY popular. Huge thanks to  for lending them to 
GOP Senators continue their march to treat Americans like products, instead of customers (privacy rollbacks) wheee! 
If you're going to , I'll be there! My panel is Monday, March 13, at 5 pm.   via 
If you're going to , I'll be there! My panel is Monday, March 13, at 5 pm.   via 
Even just the PHOTOS in this article make me happy.  
Another stunning and clever video from . 
Need faith in humanity restored? Watch John 's sweet yet deep, delightful interview with  
If you're going to , I'll be there! My panel is Monday, March 13, at 5 pm.   via 
Another AMAZING  build: 's thermoptic suit!  
If you're going to , I'll be there! My panel is Monday, March 13, at 5 pm.   via 
My articulate and brave friend  talks about how the Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare) SAVED HER LIFE. 
And finally, a fan at the Cleveland  gave me a license plate bent into an incredible case (with a le 
Last night in Cleveland a fan also gave me a lovely 3-D printed gear with carbon fiber in it!  
Some fans bring gifts to . Cleveland was a smorgasbord of incredible things, like this ping-pong bal 
Got an amazing letter from some little girls last night thanking  and me for inspiring them. There may b 
 covers one of SF's most unique food treats: ZANTE . I have eaten there about once a month forever. 
I. Am. Groot. We are all Groot. (There's a small bit of dust in my eye...) 
I think that if that top circle thingy spins you should wrap some copper wire around it. It's clearly a dimensional 
After an AMAZING dinner at , dessert was at the legendary , where I was asked to sign 
A lot of signing to do:  is performing for more than 11,000 people in the next THREE DAYS! 
Also from my list of : Paper folded seven times in a hydraulic press explodes.

I got to some building yesterday: a huge  set piece. And  took an amazing photo while I was 
I've never seen a building scaled quite like this before.  via 
Detroit, you're one of my FAVORITE cities. See you Sunday at ! Tix still available: 
._Westervelt brought the lightsaber casting that  did on  to last night's  
Thisawesome couple made  and me some 3-D printed lightsabers in custom cases they made as well. Amazing 
I want lots of ppl to cover it. It's really fun to sing. 
The great Brain Candy song was written by the great  of the  (1 of the best bands EVAR) 
It's a baritone uke, but with standard tuning 
SUCH an amazing crowd, in an amazing hall. 
There are so many rescue pets that need your love. Don't buy purebreeds. And for goodness sake, DON'T LEASE THEM. 
Fascinating. A virus that melts gypsy moth caterpillars into goo is helping to curb their population.  
Norfolk, VA!  and I are coming to you on March 12.  tickets still available: 
Sang + played a MUSICAL INSTRUMENT at the legendary  tonight. So I took a pic in the famous elevator. 
Hey, space programs! Send my friend  to SPACE! She's getting an A in puke prevention already. 
Newest _Group set I MUST have. 
 LOVE Portland and Vancouver. Follow  to get notice of future dates!
Getting and keeping kids interested in making and STEAM is NOT a political issue. It's our FUTURE. 
Florida!  and I are coming to FIVE of your cities VERY SOON.  tickets still available: 
Glad to have started a vigorous discussion, off to lunch! xoxox. Love you all!
I try hard to ignore the "ask around" studies. 
Yeah, I don't think you're really paying attention to how a society works. I hope things never go south for you. I 
I'm just saying. UNinsuring tons of people isn't a solution, it's a DISASTER. (this is my opinion, you may feel differently- which is ok)
Richard Taylor and his merry band of geniuses at  showed me their incredible  builds! 
Look, my family premiums cost a FORTUNE. And if I had my way, we'd have single payer and it would (in my opinion) solve a TON of problems.
Again, I'm not singing the praises of ACA, but BEING INSURED IS BETTER THAN NOT BEING INSURED. Can we agree on that? 
Medical bills account for the largest percentage of bankruptcies. 
I understand you don't like that, but should we UNinsure 20 million people to rectify? 
I'm not saying ACA is at all perfect, but current numbers of uninsured are historically LOW. 
You don't have to agree with my politics to ask your representative what they plan to do with your healthcare: 
That is a thing of beauty. 
Has anyone here attended a  show and experimented with our 3D printers? Thanks again to  f 
Final photos of the Ts I loved at 's meet and greet in Schenectady.  
More of the supercool T shirts at the  meet and greet in Schenectady!  
A compendium of awesome geeky T shirts at the meet and greet in Schenectady!  
Sorry fans outside of NJPAC! I was at the end of a 10 minute odyssey finding my Uber, because their app is terrible. See you tonight!!!
Really? This is a FACT you KNOW to be true? So no piece of art ever expanded anyone's understanding of science? Thi 
Bill Paxton was one of the nicest, most approachable people I've ever had the pleasure to meet. My heart & thoughts are with his loved ones.
Our backstage looks a little like the interior of the Nostromo in Alien.  
Cool view backstage at  in Worcester, Ma. Awesome sold-out crowd!  
2 mistaken assumptions in your critique: that art is "easy", & that STEM is "difficult". Both are common, but narro 
Corporal! Bring me my brown pants!

I think it's accurate. I'm advocating for evidence-based conclusions rather than emotionally based ones. Plus I dis 
It's not mine. I cribbed it from somewhere long ago. 
30 seconds of googling turns up this:








Sigh. It's so easy 2 logic yourself 2 b afraid of others. But it's a thin, narrow, shite world you'll inhabit. Look 
Also: the plural of ANECDOTE is not EVIDENCE. 
I believe they would 
Yes indeed!!! (promise it'll also be hilarious to adults!) 
Pro tip: before painting 1.6 BILLION people with a single brush, maybe you should break bread with a few muslims. J 
(raises glass) Hear Hear! 
Also: random checks as good or better than profiling brown people with unfamiliar names. See: 
There are fanatic nutjobs in every religion in the world (incl Christianity). They don't define the majority that p 
Muhammad Ali, Jr. detained at airport, officials demand to know if he's Muslim. We have a religious test for US now? 
Magnificent! 
  See you there!!
I love this guy. We need this PSA in San Francisco!!

If you sit in the front few rows of  ... 
Another day. Another hero of cosplay. A small Wonder Woman and her INVISIBLE JET!!  9
Nope, going to keep saying it. It would be worse if I tried to affect a bs Irish accent. I'd sound like a failed tr 
Love you back brother. I'm sure we could find tons of stuff to agree on! Xx 
. and , THANK YOU for my Totoro!  
Hey! Love you but your manners are shite. Please unfollow me: I can't stand for insulting dismissive talk. 
You say "political". I say "humanist". I also say "dumpster fire". Sorry you can't abide me speaking my mind. 
Where?!  I need some. 
You're welcome!! 
You're welcome!! 
Out of the mouths of giant babies. 
Another piece from my friend&colleague  of , this time on fighting the war against science. 
I am. Science and art are nothing without each other. Two ways in which we figure out our world. 
Some experience. Yes 
Ugh but Don't despair!! Working on STEAM with prev. administration was ALWAYS inspirational, the KIDS were AMAZING 
A factual refutation of an alternate (untrue) reality? Yes. Yes I will continue to point it out. 
At LEAST they're there. Hearing their constituents voices. Sad that he bar is that low but it is. 
Direct quote from GOP: "making it easier to vote benefits democrats". They're not even trying to lie anymore. Ugh ?
WH has made it clear that ALL NEWS that they don't agree with is "fake". That's not hyperbole. That's right from Po 
Also: a shout out is deserved to all politicians attending town halls in their districts. You may be getting yelled at but you're there.
This is HORRIFYING. 
This. 
This'd be funny if it wasn't so sad. Look around you. People are real and beautiful in every form. And they exist i 
My crack team is working on it right now. All signs currently point to it being my fault. 
Note: private prisons have a MINIMUM OCCUPANCY requirement in contracts. AND pay $ 2 fight marijuana legalization 
Give me some more Celtic curses! 
Xox 
Nooo! Keening is essential to knolling! 
Beautiful!! 
Here's a Picture of the Crowd Lined Up Outside CPAC to See Donald Trump Speak "THE TRUTH IS WHAT I SAY IT IS!" 
Yeah- G. O. Then type O, then G. The L and E. (sorry for snark but c'mon) 
Private prisons (and the US prison industry in general) are an abomination and the shame of the world. 
Happy to sign prosthetics. 
Thanks for all the lovely nuance re: EV taxation/taxation/privacy. Yes it's complex.More cogent discussion is essential 4 better future.
Triumph of the Will and the Cinematic Language of Propaganda - YouTube 
Exactly. 
I did & I disagree. Adoption of solar, wind, EV's & self driving cars can go a LONG way to slowing global warming. 
So is gobshite like 'dude' in its versatility? 
Right, but penalize the very people (early adopters) at the crest of the wave for energy conservation? What if our 
When it's about money it's about a lack of principles. 
Well, that was my point 
Did I use 'gobshite' correctly?
Sometimes it really feels like these feckless gobshites get together to ask themselves "how do we get on the WRONG 
I just need to emollicate better 
I have a strict 'no body parts' autograph policy. Sorry! 
Well, after a nap I should get some colour back in my cheeks. 
Wait a minute. Did I just misspell "misspelled" as misspelt? Okay, taking a break. 
Criminy I'm too sleepy. I just misspelt Hypocrisy.
Always awesome  takes us through the looking glass again. Best line: "When it comes to hypocracy, POTUS 
Yeah- "show your papers" reminds everyone of good times. What the effing what? 
"-before it happens"? I thought we didn't prosecute pre-crime here in the present. 
This brought up an interesting Q in my head: what happens when a Stingray picks up POTUS' insecure phone? 
The protests at Town Halls around the US are called democracy. 
Excellent point! yes. Wear a chemical respirator. 
YES I WOULD. Seriously, would LOVE to talk about this. 
Buying 200k ping pong balls was more expensive than we expected, I'll say that. 
Nope, it's a model of an early Ron Cobb design for the Nostromo in Alien that I commissioned from someone. 
It's AWESOME. (entirely because Jen is awesome) 
It's a cyanoacrylate accelerator. Zip Kicker is the brand I use. But BAKING SODA also works amazingly well, esp. fo 
Any contact cement should be fine. Whatever surface you're gluing to, I'd sand with 100 grit, just to 'tooth' it up. 
What a great gathering too! I was so happy to be back at  ! 
Hello, Baltimore! LAST time I was here I had the time of my life at !  Happy I'm back w/
_iisbebe_ No plans for Wondercon -- just SDCC, SVCC and NYCC.
The Criminalization of Immigration in the United States | American Immigration Council 
  My pleasure, man! Xo
So much for listening to your constituents. MetaFilter 
The basement of this theater feels like a Tim Burton movie.   
Gorgeous !! 
Richmond,  I am IN the house, getting ready for night 2 of ! Can't wait! See you soon! 
Richmond! Are you ready for some ? See you in a couple of hours at ! Tickets: 
Got this fidgeter last night after the Fayetteville  performance from a fan! Love it. Thank you! 
Fayetteville! You were AMAZING. Thanks so much for being part of the VERY FIRST ! (PS, how many of y 
Fayetteville, see you soon.   
I come from Irish Savages. Settled in WV in 19th cent. 
I'm so hungry now. Can you send to me out on the road? 
I'm gonna start using "feck" soon. 
This just in, ants forced to live inside direct-to-video horror Sci-fi movie plot. 
I have so much love in my heart for Storm Trooper Samurai. Lovely execution.  
_Manuel, you in? 
Yay!!! See you there! 
I'll dance for you at the medal ceremony. See you there. Xx 
When we debate DIVERSITY as POLITICAL we are ONE ATEP AWAY from normalizing RACISM. Maybe less than one step unfortunately.
Sure I UNDERSTAND the reason. That doesn't mean it's not a bs reason. But I refuse to ACCEPT the reason. It's shite. 
I understood their argument. MY OPINION: It doesn't make one bit of moral sense. Inclusivity/diversity=strong socie 
I love you _rowling. I will tell future generations about your bobsled prowess... 
Ugh. 'School bans Pro-Diversity Posters, Saying They're 'Anti-Trump' oh FFS. Seriously? C'mon people!  ?
Last-minute preparations for the launch of my and 's 41-city  tour tonight! Tickets: 
That is so cool! I love hearing this 
Do NOT open 
Wow, two hashtags in two tweets. Staying to feel like a twitter pro
We WILL! Q&A will happen in  
The ping pong machine gun improvements are a key part of ! It's so AWESOME. 
Amazing! I need this 
It's a baritone uke tuned like a normal Uke. Lovely tone. 
Getting ready for our first of two  run-throughs before the main event tonight at ! 
YEAH!  
Aftermath.   
 
Rehearsing for  with .  
So excited!  
  
This little girl is LEGENDARY. My new hero. 
We got Maggie about 10 years ago. Then and now. 
Can you really tip a car this easily? 

The movies have what a running T.rex looks like all wrong.  
Equipment for  is coming together! 
Ow. Ow. Ow. (It's not quite my treadmill fall, but ...)   
It's up to us to champion the free flow of data/info that's the beating heart of the world's scientific community. 
. has been working out too.  
Fayetteville!  and I will be seeing you in just FIVE DAYS! Tickets still avail at 
One of the more frustrating moments from my Chewbacca bandolier build. Full video:  
One of the more frustrating moments from my Chewbacca bandolier build. Full video:  
Some refinement for one of my FAVORITE characters (and costumes!) in film history.  CC  
I literally have no idea what this means. 
Delrin (acetyl) is the BEST. I Buy my chunks on eBay. The opposite of Nylon. Hate nylon. Grippy, hard to finish, ug 
Love you back!! 
Delfina pizza! One of the best in the city! 
Not true. It may be true in your state but restrictions on the civic rights of felons who's served their time varie 
Back at you 
No, they're  all pretty much that plot. I fond them enjoyable nonetheless. 
Go slow. Prepare to build things more than once. For cheap material inspo check out airplane made from folders! 
I know. But the five guy fight scene from 1st reacher film is one of the BEST FIGHT SCENES EVER FILMED. 
Well, it's dark humor but I'll take it where I can get it. 
My guilty pleasure while traveling? Jack Reacher novels. Tasty chunks of fun plot, good writing, interesting. And they're EVERYWHERE.
You're welcome!! 
If it does, that also seems unreasonable on it's face. I love LOVE this take on gun control  
I'm simply highlighting flaws in our "commitment" to civic engagement, on the theory that everyone should vote is pretty uncontroversial.
Internet's favorite argument: "I found an exception to the claim you made in 140 char. Therefore argument invalid". 
John Oliver has a well-researched piece on voting here: 
Many pointed out that Concealed carry permit is state issued when student ID isn't. Fair point. Not a necessarily a direct equivalency.
So for one (let's say non-violent crime like weed) felony- a lifetime of exclusion from civic process is warranted? 
Many ways municipalities could make getting an ID easier- surprisingly they're often not doing it. Look  resistanc 
Yay! THIS is how we citizen! (i know citizen isn't a verb) 
Thank you!! 
Ha ha! 
Sorry. Last link was a paid link. Apologies
A paper on Voter ID laws and their downstream effects.  
All 11 of those people, sure. 
Okay, back to work. Love all of you! Don't take my word for ANYTHING, look into it yourself, in good faith, and THEN we can talk more.
It's up to each of us to champion evidence-based policy.   
I advocated for no such thing. 
Oh ffs. Did I advocate for such a thing? I did not. The "the opposite of a racist policy is still racist" argument 
Read this:

Felony disenfranchisement is real. 

TOTALLY 
I agree! 
PLEASE don't take my word for it. Look deeply into my claims for yourself. Don't agree/disagree with me bc of a twe 
In TX, a concealed carry permit is accepted ID to vote, but a student ID is NOT. If that doesn't tell you something 
Thanks! I mean that! Look- just humor me and look into it deeper. I try and look at both views on every issue I'm c 
Yep 
Also read Jay Winik, Ron Chernow, Isaacson, Sarah Vowell, all wonderful guides  to viewing our complicated history. 
Extra credit for taking any point I'm making to absurd ends! Those straw men fall down so easily. It's not my opini 
ALL I'm advocating is for the largest number of citizens to have a voice. Something gerrymandering, the electoral college & voter ID resist.
I don't know if CIVICS WEEK! is as sexy as SHARK WEEK! I wish it was. Reading about the founding and history of our 
While we're at it, not letting ex-felons vote ever again in their lives is a TRAVESTY. It's disenfranchising GENERATIONS of voters.
By the same token, party based gerrymandering (both LEFT and RIGHT) is terrible public policy. It's DESIGNED to be exclusionary.
Actual voter fraud is so rare it's statistically a non-number- like shark attacks. It's SENSELESS to construct burdensome policy to address.
If a policy (EVEN UNINTENTIONALLY) excludes the voice of a specific sector of the people, it's not a political issue. It's bad policy.
Racist policy disguised as race-neutral policy is still racist if it affects minorities disproportionally. EVEN IF 
Ha. From my video yesterday. 
The heroes America needs. 
Fantastic! 
Xo 
This is so cool! Diehard Coders Just Rescued NASAs Earth Science Data | WIRED 
A slight gloss, and on top of that a shallow yellow oil wash. Very shallow. It'll take out the gray, give just a hi 
What??? Trump Campaign Aides Had Repeated Contacts With Russian Intelligence, via  
I'd love to hear  having a public convo on cell. Hilarious. 
I might have... 
Notice that a few tweets from ppl who disagree w/my politics but like my manner are being deleted. I hope it's not BC ppl are attacking
Just love getting that others get jnspir d to to cool stuff! Keep it up! 
Insult my intelligence? Thanks but I'll keep being a human. Not just a human for your entertainment. Xo. Love you! 
If you want to do anexhibit of some of my costumes let me know... 
It was magnificent. As it always is. You guys really know how to launch comprehensive exhibits. Great work! 
Public phone guy seems to be a lawyer talking strategy with both sides. In public! Does the ABA have a stance on this?
All the ones I'm thinking of are too gross for me to respectfully assault my followers with. But they're HILARIOUS. 
I'm not positive he's a jackass. I'm just tired of listening to his half of this convo. Sorry about the name calling.
Ugh. Can everyone use their "soopa quiet phone voice" in public. Jackass near me talks like a radio announcer at a ball game. ON THE PHONE.
One of SF's best museums is in its AIRPORT. Kudos to  for a fantastic Slot Machine exhibit. Filled with s 
A white glue gives some position ability. 
Of course you're not. MOST people are not hateful bigots. I believe that sincerely. Thanks for speaking up 
Honey you are WASTING YOUR GUM 
Gonna record them ON THE ROAD! 
Yes. 
Tense for KAC maybe. Matt Lauer just seems frustrated talking to a Cheshire Cat, trying to smile from the other sid 
"I hear your mom was asking bout evolution" sounds like the opening to a great yo mama joke... 
The good news: I'm leaving for  & I'm very excited to see you all! The bad news: I have to say good- 
This is... troubling: Did Gorka Really Wear A Medal Linked To Nazi Ally To Trump Inaugural Ball? 
Calling all student  and  enthusiasts!  just launched a filmMAKER Challenge: 
Contact cement. Hot glue also works (if you give the surface of MDF some 'tooth'. (with sandpaper) 
Astoundingly it's never occurred to me. Hmmmm... 
IKR! 
Thank you! Save some Poutine for me! 
I turned a couple of acetyl (delrin) rings on the lathe that pressure fit into a piece of 2" dia. ABS tube, the who 
This times 1000 
I simply want to live in a country that exists by the values of tolerance, mutual support, love, and providing a go 
Can we just get  to cross-examine POTUS? "I want the TRUTH!"
"YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH!"  Yes we can. Bring it home Tom.
Either he DIDN'T know, which is frankly a huge problem. Or he DID. Which is a HUGE problem. 
YOUSE FANCY PANT all of youse! 
Thank you!! 
Also: this is freaking DISGUSTING. (elected official calls pregnant women "hosts") 
More reading on the lovely Stephen Miller 
If the hat fits... 
It's been something I've wanted for a long time. I feel like the ones I want should feel both old and well cared fo 
This is genuinely chilling. Can we agree that bigots make for shite public policy? Just that? 
Also, it's at the FREAKING BEACON. I can't even fathom all the amazing performers that have walked that stage. 
Been working out. 
This was so fun -- demonstrating how  engineers talked through that wall.   
A Cessna Citation II 
Worse than that is that only 4% are TRUE?!?! (I need something more powerful than an interrobang to end that senten 
I'm ON it Ken!! 
I will see YOU there 
Its astounding to me that  engineers sent sound THROUGH a wall.   
LOOK AT MY NEW TURBINE! It's a single piece of hardened steel and just beautiful. 1881, thank you so much 
Thank you for letting me know this. Happy to help. Tell him I said hi! 
I'm not going to canvas In SF! No no I'll be heading to some of California's contested districts. Need some more ch 
I plan more than that. For mid terms in 2018 I plan to canvas, door to door, donate, fundraise, whatever it takes. 
A completely valid point. Truly. One that also should be addressed. 
I'm only advocating treating each other with respect and taking proper care that each can pursue life, liberty and 
This is not the only time we are taking Brain Candy on the road. 
Fascinating piece on the origins of the high five. via  
Tell him I said do it! And good luck!! 
Bump! There. It happened.  VFB (virtual first bump) 
That is so cool. 
Be careful about ascribing intelligence assessments to those who disagree with you. Just... be careful about that. 
"not a racist but a realist"? 
So your abusive language is "realistic"? Nope.
Thank you man! 
Right, take a look specifically WHERE it's hard. It's noteworthy. 
Sorry, are you being OPENLY racist? Checking before I block your ass ( I won't block for most stuff, but abusive/ra 
I'm proud to call Jon Foley (dir. of ) both a colleague and a friend. BONUS: a compelling activist: 
I understand the discomfort, but if we let our gov't collapse (no checks and balances) then "creative sharing" beco 
Okay, I'm having fun but it's a LAZY SUNDAY and I need to go do something NOT on the computer. bye! (I love you even when we disagree!)
You should TOTALLY do this. 
Here's another: WAR ON DRUGS IS RACIST. (I can't stop today) Nixon admin official admits:  (4 proof, look at effects)
Exactly! I don't mean to negatively tar any of my followers with my assertions. I seek to educate, not accuse. 
If the underlying motivation for a law is racist/exclusionary, it doesn't matter if you can think of a non-racist reason for it.
Sorry to see u go. I've done extensive reading on this subject, both from the left POV and the right. 
One GOP tactic: pass voter ID laws. Then close DMV offices in primarily minority districts. Wheeee! 
Based on this, if you found out it negatively affected minority voters, you'd be galvanized into action right? 
Look into the kinds of communities it negatively affects: largely rural and poor (and minority). Plenty of research 
The idea is that if it's an object the interviewer knows what it SHOULD look like, they get a good idea abt how you 
Show some art, but also show some replications of actual things. If someone can make a perfect coffee machine out o 
I DO! Awesome article 
EXACTLY 
I believe 538 had HRC ahead by 3 points. I believe she took the 'popular' vote by... wait for it- THREE POINTS. 
EVEN with. House painting is so much harder than most think it is. 
The idea of showing ID to vote might not sound like a bad thing, but do research as to who is MOSTLY affected. Don't take my word for it.
Another fact. Voter ID laws exist to disenfranchise specific classes of (minority) voters. This has been stated repeatedly by REPUBLICANS.
OMG, painting ceilings is the WORST. Makes your arms BURN. Ugh. 
Okay- subject change: to awesome people doing cool and inspiring things- 
It's surpassingly rare. In fact: It's our election system's decentralized messiness that makes it quite robust agai 
I used two of these painted on the back to make Ackbar's eyes: 

 
Well done. Cushions are also HARD. (like difficult) 
Okay! How about this one: VOTER FRAUD IS A MYTH. Multiple studies show no evidence of WIDESPREAD VOTER FRAUD: 
Yay! See you there! 
  then I better get it right. Crystal Clear. And there was a question about coating rub n buff-I don't know the answer
My pleasure. I'm trying to keep it balanced. 
Beautiful! 
It'll need a clear coat. Krylon Clear Coat is great. Dries fast. 
That's the best. The BEST. 
 I want all my LGBTQ brothers and sisters to be safe, happy and protected (the same as I do for everyone).
Amazing!! 
Furniture caning. 1/4" thickness. Sells by the pound. Don't have the exact company just now but it wasn't hard to f 
Check out terrific youtube tutorial on making an eye of Sauron. Cheap, easy, simple-to-get materials. 
Could be. I love pattern making. Don't really mind building the same thing a bunch of times to get it right 
Tons of great sewing tutorials on YouTube. And sewing machines are pretty reasonably priced. Good luck! 
Start making a simple muslin pattern, pinned together. Use that to transfer to your fabric. It'll likely take 2 or 
