 I have several questions
Just posted a photo  Mari's Exotic Nailz 
 next time film it
 investigating 311 in Zion.  Zion National Park 
_Matt 
 play Los Angeles
 I love you too lil peaches
  
viceland's video 
My g my g  
311 
gamzdiego's photo 
Tyler, The Creator | The Eric Andre Show | Adult Swim 311 
Investigate 311 | The Eric Andre Show S4E10 "Jack Black; Jennette McCurd... 
5 Times Eric Andre Ranched it Up | The Eric Andre Show | Adult Swim 
311 - Down 
311 - Beautiful Disaster 
The Eric Andre Show - Pizza Ball Delivery Skit (S4E10) happy 311 
flavourgallery's photo 
sptsam's photo 
 
  doesn't look great
 hell yes thank you!
Blatz- Nausea TWEETING OUT BADASS WOMEN ALL DAY TODAY   
theeconomist's video 
thedailyshow's photo 
rosariodawson's video 
revolution.la's photo 
happeningindtla's photo 

YO Los Angeles! Vote NO on S today. And also YES on M for the ganja! 5:20  East Los Angeles, 
mileycyrus's photo 
5:20 bro. Don't forget to vote tomorrow LA: 
Buy this hat at  for March 11th. 
 11. Hannibal and Eric Andr have a deep conversation about philosophy and eugenics. episode of Hannibal 
Investigate 311 Snap Back Hat  As Seen On Adult Swim march 11th is upon us. Get your hat now 
I was on some Spike Lee shit in 6th grade. theofficialwhitesox  Boca Raton, Florida 
 totally beat me to my Bill Hicks joke :( 
THEY SAID IT COULDN'T BE DONE!!! 666 420 69 311    Hell, Michigan 
 ask  
 tell Jaws I'm coming for him
shawnhaleyeah's photo 
 I love you more!
Washington Phillips is the Daniel Johnston of Robert Johnsons.
 yes
I'm the Super Nintendo In Charge. 
's photo 
I want to smoke crystal meth with the president while listening to this album. container  
My oscar speech would be like this - Roddy Piper bottles himself to prove a point. 


It's the Walmart receipts night tonight
Is  gonna now pardon OJ from prison? 
 
fkinsnapss's video 
I miss these guys. I wanna join: 

GOD HATES SHRIMP


Al Jarreau - Letter Perfect  (live, 1976) RIP 
fuckjerry's photo 
hadonkey's photo 
Mood AF   Columbus, Ohio 
lee_scratch_perry's photo 
Reports: Civilian deaths from drone hits are far from rare 
Man Throws Shoes At Bush- can we hire this shoe guy again?  
 not sure how  feels about this one 
michaelrapaport's video 
chrisrock's photo 

First time I didn't take AirTran to Columbus, OH.   chrisrock  Palace 
 I'm trying but it's hard.
 Bird Up
crosseyedbags's photo 
chrisrock's photo 
Watching the master at work!  chrisrock  Aronoff Center for the Arts 

Just posted a video  Creation Museum 
Just posted a photo  Creation Museum 
Hmmmmmm...  Creation Museum 
Link in bio.  
outlawscumfudge reference revelead! Click link in bio. cupthemcakes 
I can't read.  The Mercantile Library 
Also don't forget to follow  on twitter. That's actually more important guys. 
CALL YOUR REPRESENTATIVES IN DC AND TELL THEM WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT!!!!  202-225-3121 OR 
chrisrock's video 

Find out the truth about  on   
cupthemcakes is in the hot seat! Link in bio.  
Final Hot Babe cupthemcakes up right now! Click link in bio! Happy   
The final Hot Babe cupthemcakes is up right now! Click link in bio.  
The final Hot Babe cupthemcakes is up right now! Click link in bio.  
Chris up!  
Just took a Skyline diarrhea.   Skyline Chili 
 lemme spit a verse on the ranch remix.
  she knows too much... she's in too deep...
 808 
Check out  on Hot Babes of Instagram. On  
New Hot Babe of Onstagram interview up right now! _jennlee_ Link in Bio!  
 
The Bread  via 
 
   it was all 808
 RANCH IT UP
Watch me interview The Hot Babes of Instagram. On  
rosariodawson's video 
 is my guest today on Hot Babes of Instagram.  
Today's guest! The very confused   link in bio. 
More Hot Girls of Instagram interviews RIGHT NOW. Click link in bio.  
drunkpeopledoingthings's video 
Last one of the night....   
_montanaa interview up! Link in bio.  
1    I looked like Steve Urkle for the first 20 years of my life so its balancing out
  
  open invitation
 
 
 
 
ERIC ANDRE INTERVIEWS THE HOT BABES OF INSTAGRAM 
One more for     
The undisputed most gorgeous being on the planet  I love u bb  
 
   
rosariodawson's photo 
Today's guest on Hot Babes of Instagram: Ana Montana  
 
Today's guest on Hot Babes of Instagram: _montanaa 
Link in Bio 
 
Happy Valentine's Day to my Boo-Bay  
Happy Valentine's Day to the  LOoooVE OF MY LIFE!    
adultswim's video 
Watch me interview a Hot Babe of Instagram everyday this Valentine's Week. on  
_Lester I can't wait until he cuts his dick off at the next grammys
Just bought a Valentine's Day chocolate for myself cuz my girlfriend is in New York.  
 
My  this week? Mr.    
Today I interview  on   
Watch me interview The Hot Babes Of Instagram every day this Valentine's week.  Link in 
ERIC ANDRE INTERVIEWS THE HOT BABES OF INSTAGRAM 
Did Trump's cabinet produce the  album? 
I wish John Wick 2 was Bill & Ted 3
Watch me interview The Hot Babes of Instagram all next week ok    and more!
 i can learn goddammit!
 please let me direct the video for redemption
FUCK YES!!! Peter Brtzmann is the only mother fucker that understands me - improvisation (1974/10/17) (1/3) 
 the feeling is mutual...
If you don't cry your eyes out listening to this song you have no soul. 

The Pentagon failed to report thousands of U.S. airstrikes, report says  VICE News 
If Donald Trump Targets Journalists, Thank Obama 
Obama killed a 16-year-old American in Yemen. Trump just killed his 8-year-old sister.  by 
The winners of today's game get CTE! So do the losers! Win win!
9000
They're brothers. They're happy and they're singing and they're colored! Give me a HIGH 5! 
trinipop's photo 
marrrleyg's photo 
 13

Hannibal Buress - Tickets - The Roxy Theatre - West Hollywood, CA, February 02, 2017 | Ticketfly 
gorillaflicks's photo 
Where is . Get yo ass down here and clean this shit up. The  has power boners. Please stop this xenophobia
 I love when you get Cajun on us
Immediately release Donald Trumps full tax returns, w/ information needed to verify emoluments clause compliance. 
 
I'm moving back to Brooklyn in the fall and will join any noise band that lets me. especially if they have a horn section.
Can someone tell me how I can join ZS. ??? - New Slaves [Full Album] 
Since everyone else is getting a March on Washington, the Juggalos want in  
I want to start a new country with  and  as president.
What should my rap name be  ? Lil Lil? Lil Bish? Yung Lil? Lil Yung?
Can't wait to see Adele Dahzeem tonight
I love that  is going through a Zapp & Roger phase
Looking to get into a very long and ugly twitter fight with a very high profile celebrity today. Hit me back.
I think YamatsuKa Eye may be my biggest influence YAMATSUKA EYE  &  OTOMO YOSHIHIDE-DJ CARHOUSE & MC HELLSHIT-live  
 how many of you thought "my ass" was mad original when you were posting it?
Off to Melbourne. Popping my Australia cherry. Where should I eat?
I miss Dimebag Darrell
Didn't think I would wake up this morning agreeing with Donald Trump. - World leaders react to Fidel Castro's death 
These debates were hella chill in comparison.1992 Presidential Debate with George HW Bush, Bill Clinton & Ross Perot 
Wonder Showzen - White People 
Never thought  and I would see eye-to-eye politically but i was wrong!
Legalize salvia next
Really excited about Trump's cabinet: Christie, Gingrich, George Zimmerman, Robert Durst, Skeletor, & the Cobra Kai.
How do we get rid of the electoral college? Also who the fuck is in the electoral college?
I want to see  'a birth certificate.
Why would Hillary release this photo on Election Day?!?!  
I miss Jon Stewart 
 likewise my dude 
Please take care of Bill Murray tonight Chicago. Make sure he gets home safe
You think the owner of The Indians will pass out smallpox blankets if they lose? 
Joe Exotic for President! 2016 
Disappointed no one went as  brother for Halloween 
Scientology's music is crazier than Scientology itself 
I'm gonna buy a copy of People's History of the United States for Larry Dolan. 
 can you convince your town to get rid of their racist ass baseball mascot? It's 2016. Tell Larry Dolan to read some Howard Zinn
I will have sex with AND give my PIN number to anyone who comes to  today at 5 to see me spray ranch everywhere. Guaranteed
How do I convince  to be Kimbo Slice for Halloween??




I wish you could Shazam movies.  can you help me design this app?
current mood: T-Model Ford - I'm Insane  via 
Can we get Hillary a tissue?
Did you know that everyone from the movie The Sandlot is dead...?
Who made this? It's my favorite image on the internet. I don't know why it makes me laugh, but it makes me laugh so 
"I saw her butt hole. I liked it." -Ken Bone 2016.







Thanks for letting me share yet another season of nonsense. 4  
THAT HORSE FLY IS WORKING FOR TRUMP
I thought Trump was gonna pull a R. Budd Dwyer on his entrance. 
The real issue here is furniture stores. 2016
U'r right internet! Comedy & politics don't mix! Fuk u George Carlin! Richard Pryor! Bill Hicks! Lenny Bruce! What do u know about comedy!
I feel like The Civil War AND The Crusades never officially ended. I also feel like Eddie Murphy doesn't age. He looks fantastic! 
Just saw American Sniper! They forgot to include Chris Kyle bragging about killing black people during Hurricane Katrina! That's his 1 hit!
Trying to patent a crystal meth Vape pen. Library of congress not responsive.
No more waiting for Sprite! I sold out proper with a T mobile spot! Cha Ching! Fuck you Banksy! Fuck you Fugazi!!! Coming for you Buress!
Leaked photo of a Bernie Sanders lemon party. Not photo shopped. 100% real.  
_Rageaholic 
Our tax dollars going to this???! 
I was Rastafarian for 4 months in the 9th grade. 
4n4is 5:20 + 8:40 = 311
I'm trying to start a cult. Who's down? (What should we wear?)   
  
 . Let's have a viewing party. I'll rot your brains with the entire season!
 
FUCK THE OLYMPICS!!!! WATCH 
Boba Tea in my lap and it's freezin my balls 
Society's Lies: DNC Edition | The Eric Andre Show | Adult Swim 
 
I can't wait for Monica Lewinsky to speak.  
Hillary & I 
 you are a legend sir
  the feeling is mutual
I just want to meet a woman who could butt chug a bong rip
I'm just saw a guy who looks like HR from Bad Brains take a shit in a sewer drain. Good to be back in San Francisco.
How satisfying would it be to shave 
What ever happened to El Chapo fighting ISIS? Kinda bummed that didn't happen. ;(
AND WHERE MY MOTHERFUCKING FUNDAMENTALIST SCHIZOPHRENIC JEWS AT!!?!??!?! BANG BANG
Everyone conveniently forgets this part of the 2nd Amendment: "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State,"
BRING IT! TRY TO CHANGE MY POLITICAL OPINION THROUGH A FUCKING APP!!! I FUCKING DARE YOU!!!!!!
Christie Brinkley is 82 years old and still looks hotter than most 26 year olds.
    can someone bring me mushrooms to the show?
What do you think Ariana Grande got on her SAT's?
Happy 5:20 bro 
I just read a statistic that every celebrity has herpes.
Tyler Perry should remake Salo
If young metro don't shoot ya I don't trust you.  
Can  write a song about kale please? 
 love you too buddy. Glad I could cheer you up during such a dark time. My condolences 
I'm thinking about getting goat pupil contact lenses.
   
Put some respek on my name. 
RIP Guy Fieri
RIP George Lucas
RIP Randy Johnson. 
RIP Madonna.
So many people died this year I'm trying to predict the next celebrity death. RIP Coolio.
RIP Scott Stapp. 
 how can i convince you to read my tarot? I'll name my first child Jodorowsky. Boy or girl.
I want  to be holding up pics of his x girlfriend crying at a Hot Water Music show by the end of the day. 
I want Gugu Mbatha-Raw and Moon Bloodgood to join Wu Tang.
I can't believe it's 2016 and George Zimmerman hasn't been murdered yet. ?
I'm at the age where I still pick my nose but I throw my boogers in the garbage like a gentleman.
If you're ever in a bad mood just google image "cool dog"
I will join any band that asks me for, for one show.
I walked in on my parents 69'ing.
Let's make up new sex moves.  1. French Exit 2. Tuxedo Surprise. 3. Potato Boy
I'm just looking for a narcissist who looks better in pictures...
Im just looking for a nice high maintenance girl who uses the dogface on snapchat, takes tons of selfies, and listens to Taylor Swift.
 yes. I will date or fuck anyone that asks me
I'm trying to join Wu tang. 
 can I get an autographed drumpf hat for my birthday?  
  BILL COSBY IS A NARC!!!!!
FREE CHARLES MANSON!!!!!
JEFFREY DAHMERS INNOCENT!!!
 free Jerry Sandusky!!!!
Yo  You get that new Jared From Subway mix tape?
Since they made a new Star Wars does that mean they'll make a new Spaceballs?
Tip for Las Vegas: If you honestly did not know there were controlled substances in your possession, then you have committed no crime.
World War III is gonna be intense.  
I bought a house. Now I just need a wife and a dog. Maybe I can just marry Air Bud. Kill two birds with one dog. 
You think I'll get sued if I name my comedy album, "A Very Bieber Christmas." ??
Am I the only person who thinks Jameson is the worst of all the whiskeys?
Can someone photo shop Betty White with Fetty Wap? 
  
I just saw that movie We Are Your Friends. They should call it We Are Unlikable.  
I wanna see  's birth certificate.
"Whether you're poor, black, or menstruating, you gotta run America like a business." - 
Will you do my show 311 ??!!
I think I grew up hating Florida because everyone looked like Guy Fieri but acted like George Zimmerman.
 $20 says some says  or "throw some dirt on it and get back in the game." 
Would you guys judge me if I bought Uggs?
I wish the Supreme Court broke out into an orgy right now! 
"Only I can judge God." -Tupac
Do you think Tom Cruise and David Miscavige fuck... or make love? 
I wanna fuck that ex machina robot
4/20 is the 311 of Cinco de Mayo. 420 311
There's a Nick Drake hologram coming out during Drake's Weekend 2 set.   
what happened to El Guincho?
I'm a B cup
Do you know that the first hipster was Otto the Caddy from Happy Gilmore? 
The worst time to go down on a woman is while she's giving birth. 
Happy 311 y'all! I'm gonna chug a lava lamp!!! 311 311
How are you guys celebrating 311 tomorrow?
Tweet While Driving Day.  
Put Joe Biden In Blackface While He's Sleeping Day.  
National Dead Milkman Benzodiazepine Day. You eat xanex and listen to Big Lizard In My Backyard. 
National FUPA Day. You gain weight all day above your pussy.
Let's make up some new holidays. 
Can drug dogs smell acid?
Im gonna get dog semen injected into my balls so my girlfriend can give birth to puppies.

  his wife wrote These Are People for the Maria Menunos interview. I have an in.
  those were my poop implants
  I'm gonna read the dialogue from Home Alone instead.
If the pope admits that all animals go to heaven, that'll mean heaven has roaches.
  life is a highway!
i've never been to a native american restaurant. is that weird?
i wanna match make  with . they would have robot babies
I want to start a petition that says it's illegal to marry   
20 bucks says that I hated The Theory of Everything.
20 bucks says that Stephen Hawking hated The Theory of Everything
Anyone know where I can buy the Stephen Hawking wheelchair?
I wanna start a band with R. Kelly & R. Crumb called The R's
Connie Chung is 68 years old
I'm a Jew. Which is Hebrew for atheist.
 's father and  finally met last Thursday night. 
  
 $5
 from who? 4real
 if I had a dollar every time someone told me that, I would have three dollars
 you using the Bill Cosby defense?
 every episode.  had to stare at a middle aged man's penis for most of his interview.
Rita Ora sounds like an STD
I wanna make a cartoon called Bobby Shmurda's World
 I just uploaded a bunch of dick picks to my Friendster account.
I'm leaking some of my nudes 
I've been trying to leak my nudes to the Internet for years!!! Fuck you iCloud!  
My porn name is Sasha SW 13th Avenue.
 what's your email?
I just scored a goal. You're welcome America.
  it is for me!
I'm trying to get Matthew Barney to wear a Barney the dinosaur outfit on my show and perform cremaster.
Happy 4:20. Smoke a birthday blunt with Hitler, you fucking nazis! 
My rap name is Lil' Yung
Dear Hollywood: Please stop making comic book movies. Comics are humorless and boring. Reading sucks.
Jared Leto is a beautiful woman.
CBS didn't want me to announce it but... I'm replacing Letterman.
21 yup. In Worcester, MA right after 9/11. They ate bin Laden's brain right giving him the award for worlds best serial killer
Eating popcorn for breakfast while listening to Lil Boosie. 
I would've been the first runaway slave to jerk off while being lynched. 
you know what blows my mind? Kurt Cobain died 20 years ago. fuck.
Just had Dave Matthews Band release their tour bus septic tank all over me. Happy 311!
Just chugged a keg of ranch! Happy 311 y'all 420 520 840
In the future everyone will be in Arcade Fire... for fifteen minutes.
Happy 311 y'all.
What are y'all doing for 311 this year? 311-eve 
I think I'm addicted to Death Grips
I'm doing a Brooklyn coffee tour. Where's the best coffee in Brooklyn?
Happy 311 Eve!
Download the metadata app if you want to be bummed out.  .
Trying to start a conspiracy that Aaron Paul had Paul Walker killed. 
You ever just text "hi NSA!!" To see if they'll text back. If they don't, just type 
you guys mind if I jerk off to The Mouse and The Motorcycle? 
Where my polyamorous Brazilian atheists at?!!
 you gotta check out this website  It'll have your answer.
I pee sitting down but I poop standing up.
I'm starting a kickstarter for a Zach Braff bio-pic.
R. Budd Dwyer is my biggest comedic influence
 if you read the bible backwards you can hear satanic messages
 I shazzamed a book at a record store. 
Regis & Kathy Lee is neither.
 just use your awesome twitter name
 's notes from the season 3 writers room.  
Athlete's Foot? More like Athlete's VAGINA!!!
Peace in the Middle Yeast Infection
I want Pussy Riot to open up for the Russian Olympics.
 and I are trying to bring way more Zumba humor into the show this season.
what's the new silk road? i need speed!!!!!!!
Send me the most embarrassing talk show moments you can find! (besides my show) I need to do some research!
  Hannibal is wrong Jessica. We're the same person. We're both Eddie Murphy in special effects makeup
How do I get Kid 606 and Venetian Snares to write for season 3??????
AM radio still exists..
any new visual artists I should check out????
I'm writing a screenplay called Oscar Bait.  It's about a dying gay British Aristocrat sold into slavery.
Dear auto correct: "Hell" and "Yo" are pretty common words. Please stop changing them to "He'll" and "To" 
Working title for my stand up special: It's All Peaches and Kumail Nanjiani. (Note it has nothing to do with  )
I want to start a really terrible band. Who's coming with me?
I'm a parodox wrapped in an enigma stuffed inside another paradox wrapped in a taco shell, deep fried and beer battered... I'm hungry.
I just chugged a lava lamp
My mom just told me she didnt like South Park til she watched the Human Centipede one & now she loves it. She just blew the dick off my mind
 is the godfather of set destruction! Watch him teach me the ways of a true jedi master! TONIGHT
I hope Kanye West's next album is just 45 minutes of him complaining.
Did you know that David Grohl is the lead singer of Haim
Make some noise if your parents still fuck!!!!!!
Abacuses are meaningless...
Am I the only one that thinks smoking crack isn't that big of a deal????  4 more years Rob Ford!!!!
send me a song i've never heard before or a video i've never seen before
