windowes is fake news
happy patrick. the leopardchans and theyre lucy charms will be mine.
i would not shake hands with angle merkle we not friends also I dont have hands
do not fear I will do an Meals on Wings i fill my beaek with breab and worm bring to the senors and place in there mouf. pay me in kissies.
introducting Birbcare for the health. you got an ouch I kiss it better and it only cost a bagle. two. five baggel.
how many selfphones do it cost for beak enlargening? asking for a freind.
Obame wire tap me he see all my privet photo of me nekked how dare. do not leak to all of merica like for instance such as on huge billboard
it nightime already????????o wait my head just under a muffin wrapper flase alarem.
i dont need hands to be handsom
everybirdy welcome to use my potty aka every car.
happy me day
happy Valuetime day me here a cocolate oh i shouldnt have
it not me i dont illegal leak on you car
Birb was warn. Birdb was given a explain. Neverthelass, Brid persisted birde ate that third baggel now I cant move. no regrets.
an so called "juge" says it "illellgal" to "break and entering" a ""strabucks."" well I say it a "crime" more pastry cant fit in my mouht.
oh yeah well I been prostesting airporps this whole time they unnatural ONLY BIRD IS CHOSEN TO FLY
it not technally an """squuirrel ban.""" i just bannimg squirrel from squirrel country i dont like squirrels ban all squirrl.
aMErica 1rd
Riddle me this "sceience marcheraters" if siecnence so real how i a bird can able to talk???
i didn't loser the propular vote it was fraud. and since it fraud I think is safe say only I do allowed to vote frome now on case dismiss
anyone who disangrees with me is a terrier
im gone to the woman march i am a chick.
i would like a peasful transition of baggel from the strabanks to my mouth
OF COURRSE I ALREADY START ON MY NAUGERATION SPEECH I STARTED LAST YESTERDAY FIVE WEEKS AGO I ALMOST DONE I ALREADY WROTE IN ALL THE "THE'S"
for my naugeration I going to be only preformer because I am the best at sing not because Beyondce dont return my calls hello u there beyonc
I no russia puppet. there would be a hole where my butt am.
RUSSSA DONT GOT BLAKMALL ON ME NOT OF ME KISSYING A BAGGEL THEY DO NOT RIGHT THEY WOULDNOT????!!!
IT NATIONAL ME DAY
well im still going dismandle bread theft oversite comitttee it make it very inconvenience when I steale brad.
STRABUCKS SANCTION ME JUST BCAUSE IM GOT INTO THE PASTRY how Im suppose to knew they have broom that can reach so high
i'm stealth ride on Santay's slege. i found a box cookie to ""Sarah" he misspell my name.
uhm. RENDEERS DO NOT BELONG UP HERE.
hlello is I,, gingerbredmen. decortate me with frodsting lot of it a lot.
Elelectors you had one charnce to wrote me in what gives it not hard to spell bird it B I R B E
why do political correctness say "happy holiday" instead of "merry bird times it bird o'clock it's a very birdy birdmas biiiiiiiiirdddddddd
guess how many money I have to spent on a boing plane it zero money I am a bird.
I'm put these pastry in a ""blinde trust"" as in you close you eyes and trust I not eat them all immediate.
i have hear that the first amenment is toast. where are this amemendt how can I find it
as a real life human (and not a "good tasting"" birb) i think i will go to the JOB and have some TAXES and CHAIRS as we human do. Shoes.
maybe I'll buy some PANTS for my HUMAN BODY LEGS happy thacksgivin to all my fellow inedibible HUMANs.
wow it great bein so human and thumbsy and not taste delecious at all.
i mad at hamlton for raesons. now focus in that and do not look while I libertate these pastry from a starbacks.
deep down there is a little bird inside us all (excepte cats I hope)
i peanutbubber on a bread but can't where I am sit on the brad. now bread only 90 pracent penubutte. math sceintists how I solve??????
somteim i scared (cats; clean windos). the world scary to a small bird. but when someoene tell me they loaf me it make me feel big and huge.
THE SUN CAME UP TODAY AND I STILL A BIRB.
i still going wear a fancey presdident hat and nobod can stop me
can i at lest be pesident of twetter?
everybod invited to my tree for participitation ribbon and cake.
lets hav a make belief amcerica where i preadident and everybody has a miminum of one baggle.
if you scared and an fraid rebmember: i will be here after electin and I will do my birdest to spread bird all over this amrerica.
AMCERCIA WHAT IS YOU DOING????
Dormal trump i sorry you got your twetter privleges taken away I got my starbaxs prifliges took away after i get inside pasttry displeay
one more day before i persident? i don't. I don't able to count.
five more day until I presdifent.
Happy Halloworm here a spook story; one apon a time bird ditnt the sandwich have. OK SOMBOD TURN THE LIGHT BACK oN.
I'm just so "happened" to "found" a """email""" from HilLIESary. do it say she a crime? i dont know i won't finish read until after lection
YOU CAN NOT BE STOP US DORNALD TRUMPT. 
I SORRY ABOUT DDDoSS THE INTERNAT I KEPT PUSH REFRESH BCAUSE I THOUGT I'M WOULD GET REFRESHMENTS I SORRY DONT WIKILEAK ME
HILALIEARLY WANT A NO FLY ZONE?? WELL I WANT A NO THUMB ZONE.
if I donot win electin it rigged,, if I does win the lectrician, it not rigged. i done the math
i not saying I like putin or we bffs or I keep a poster of him and kiss him an love him and PUTIN RETURN MY CALLS
hey is does anybody going to ask what I wearing to debate hint:: it nothing I not waring anythin
Days before birds???????? it too early for halloweern
I'M HAVE THE MOST MUCH RESPECT FOR FEMALES WHICH IS WHY I YELL OVER THEM SO THEY DONOT HAVE TO HURT THEIR VOICE SPEAKING THEIR MINDS
"you can't do run for presdident you are a bird" OH YEAH WHAT ABOUT hilLIEarly''s EMAILS???????
 JUST BECAUSE I POTTY ON CAR THAT ONE TIME SEVEN TIMES A HUNDRED TIMES OKAY IT DON'T MEAN I NOT A GOOD ROLL MODLE.
 good
 not too hard for me it come natural
 extreme vetting: if you squirle;; no bread.
 with my beak around it
13 i mistaken them for a large rice and i disappointed???
 i dont see the point
tonigt is townholl that mean you can ask me question such as for instance like: is it hard being so perfec?
beaking news bird win debate you can stop watching now I the winner me it over bye
i amire putin and how he gets to be king and how he can ban all cats that doent mean I pro putin (PS CALL ME PUTIN  1-800-BIRB)
I GOING TALK OVER YOUR QUESTION I ASSUME IT ABOUT HOW I GOT SO HANDSOME THANK YOU ELAINE GOOD QUESTION
Step aside "The Donald Duck" I'M live tweet this debate
EVERTHING SAID ABOUT ME BY MY OPPONENT IS LIES as long as you do not look at the internets or my old tweets do not look
it not "profiling" if i put in jail all of the humans, i not even going to look at their profile
if I don't get presidentcy I will build my nest inside the white hous mailbox
if I don't get to be presdident I going live in white house chimnley anyways
I am the most biggest animal, if I am to be semi exact
thank you moderdator i not going answer your question but I do answer: am I best? yes I am the best.
can I do debate but there no moderator and no rules and it just me and everybody look at me and only me
Will I win debate tomorraw by yell the more loudly?
DEMAND Jon Olivejar APOLOGYGIZE for his ANTIBIRD BINGOTRY 
  
I bet Johnhn Olever wish he was a bird so his face would maek sense.  
thanks ALOT Olivejar for humansplaining birds to ME A ACTUAL BIRD. maybe FACTCHEK or do supposable thumbs cant goongle? 
jorn olvidert how dare you criticalize birds YOU ARE NOT EVEN A REAL PERSON YOU ARE BRITISH.  
EXCUSE YOU JORN OLIVEJAR???  

im never date a femisnism. even though I always get asked all the time every day all of the time. A lot.
How came I get all the harball questions like such as "how presdent if bird" and "how do a bird even typpe??,,
i'm could release my medicinal records. doctor says I have a chronic case of the handsome
grocery doors close in my face. political correct gone mad
i found some human to do my bidding while I do predident things so BIRD MERCHERDICE is BACK here go to here::: 
i not ever want secret bread from Russias. ok???? now look away from twetter. (RUSSIAS I WOULD LIKE SOME SECRET BREAD)
CORRUPT """MEDIAS""" WOULD HAVE YOU BLELIVE I SITTING ALONE WITH STOLEN BAGGEL. FALSE. I HAVE TWO BAGGLE.
ALSO HOW COME CROOKED MEDIA (more like mediLIE) DONT REPORT THAT I WINNING AMERICA??? JUST BECAISE THHERE NO "EVDIDENCE"???? SAD.
CROOKED MEDIA DOESNT EVEN REPORT IM THE BIGGEST ANIMAL I WOULD BE BEATING hilLIElary BY 50000%%%%
I could olympic is corn eat a sport?
do you love birb? love amercica?? words on paper???? Supporp my ""Readin Book"" and together I will be a sucesss 
it time reject the establershmint politic Amerca. i so unestablish i dont know what it even mean to presidency 200016
Russias if you listening please hank into Hililarly's mails and see if she mention me does she talk about me at all???
the peoples RELLY want ME (birdie) to do presdident  
you cant spell DEMOCRATICAL PARTY without CAT PARTY 
i would never plagaurgize, or my name isnt Williem Shakspeer
Pop quiz is bird going to
I sneak into RNC I in the rafters but THEY KEEP PUTTING BALLOON AROUND HELP TOO MANY
i not unerstand why eggs on twietter is so rude??? repspect youre elders.
after the primarily elclection i make diffcicalt decision. i indorse Bird for presdident oh wait that me. i accept my insorsemint.
Is there a book about me in youre hands?? No??? WHY NOT???? 
happy 4rd Amercica. did you know birds are invited to your birthday it true make way for the geust of honor
ok 4th julie you want make boom exsplosions up here in bird turf??? I come down there I got a rice krispy and some milk now who sorry??????
uhm escuse me how come why don't ME A BIRD get a pride day?? i pride in me for being best. The best.
oops I forgot which end is my bottom oh there it is safe and sound
Britland where are you going?? do you want join amercica? please dont go away i love you not just for your biscits mainly for your biscits
how can congerss try pass a bill if they don't even are ducks? 
when I'm put my ear hole to a  chip, I can hear the potatocean.
do you want more bird in youre life??? Yes???? HELP ME BECOME A BOOK 
if I was on moneys economy would crash becase nobod could part with my beauty picture
i'm wake up on the right side of the nest ever morning because i remember i'm me again
 it seem the squirral cabal have inflitrate my internet page. do not fear,, i bird will get to the bottom of this.
ever waonder ""but why isn't bird a book???" WELL NOW YOU CAN: 
I may don't have the most "delgalates" but I have the most primary feather so I win I win it me bird I am the winner today
do not worry Merica I for one will never indoors Dornal Drump. i not even allowed indoors
4Words me me me me
it ok everybirdy. I will be your  Captan Amerca
i wise to youre tricks bakery window.
pepole who say i doesn't spelling good hello we not a spelling bee??? i'm could eat that bee.
hello is I Humanjohn Millerhuman spokesbird I mean spokeshuman for Bird. Bird is best and also hungry feed me I mean feed Bird who is not me
 say truth that all squirrel worst and need deport to plutto??? It not antisquirrel it statistic. I 100% do not like squirrel
i open a theme restraunt it called bird and you put bread on the floor and I eat it. also skeeball.
Amerca we need talk. how is dornal Trumb going to presdident if he spend all day look in mirror?? It distract HEY LOOK PRETTY BIRB HI
SOMEONE ABANDON A SLEEVE SALTINE IT MY IMMEDIATE DOMAIN
if i stand on one foot it definite intentioneal and not cause i forget where is the other one.
sunglass fall off my face. how I going to cool?
anybod know how get unbanned from cat fancy forums?? i was not done sharing the truth???
happy taxes day did you pay the bird tax it right there in section 113782816294729 box Q anyways sandwich please?????
If i could have a super power it would be to fly OH WAIT
It nartional corn day happy corn day I like corn I like to eat it
one person one vote??? uhm no how about one bird two vote???? no wait a hundred a hundred vote
I not so great appril fool i am so great.
I tried get on a uber but I fell off
oh so does a rabbit lay eggs?? No????? get your own holiday.
Hello yes thank you for nominate me as presdident celerbrate with these FEEL THE BERD bumper stickons  
hilliary already ask me to mak appearance on her podium next 
did you see them. did you see all the people clap for me bird 
Uh no I not "interrupt bern sandles" rally I make entrance to MY rally for ME BIRD. i will him as accept VP tho  2016
introductioning bird vision. put two bread on your eyes.
hello lady in the starbacks yes your novel is going be great ok concentrate nevermind the croissant
uhm but I could suprem court justice??? i bring my own gavel. It a marshmellow on a pretzel and I already ate it okay.
"''innernet exploerer has crash windows" it ok i have that prablem also too.
i igcognito inside a hatdag bun the condiments will come to me.
i look in the mirror and impress with how good at me I am today.
how come sometimes there is talking that don't isn't come from my mouth????? But???????????
being a human a preexisting condition
i sit on a wet paints and then i satted on a nakpin. art.
hello hi america look whoops i just drop NEW PRODUCTS in  sure hope nobody picks them up (it a bribe I bribing you)
uhm i starting suspect big bird is not a bird at all.
math: >
this presentdent day celbertate me (bird) future persident
will I be my valentine yes i do.
Bernie Sandwich will you be my run mate??? I promise I not eat you. ok i don't promise.
I acdidentally inside of a claw machin NO DONT GRABBER ME I NOT A PRIZE REWARD
Cawcus: who is the next Dr. Captain America of the Untitled States??????
I have my own debate with this mirror. "Oh hello i pretty." "you raise good point but may I suggest I MOST pretty???"
i mildly inconvenience by certain things and i not gonna take it anymore.
today i went inside a sandwich and felt what it means to be a baloney
 i apprecitate it when squirrels go away far from my bread thanks. i hear there a new planet bet there nuts there go
I just spend 5 minut talking to a feather duster no wonder it reject my advances p.s call me
we need stop with all the politlical correctedness and start with the political wrongness
Vote bird or earth will literal explode.
it seem humans confuse and think "primary debate" means "forget to invite bird again even though I wearing flag pin"???
obama not yet address improtant issue of sometimes I accident eat a baby carrot because it seems cheeto???
enjoy the last state of the onion human presdident the next one will be coming out of my beak from atop a throne made of hambargerbuns.
human now have "arms" militia against birds?? ok say hello to my winged miltitia it sure would be too bad if yor cars got fowled just sayin
happy  did you know every day can be bird day if you bird every day???
my new year resoltution is to presdident
merry kringletimes. pies on earth good will toward bird (squirrel not so much) 
hoo hoo hoo look it me santey look i beard i jolly give me cookies
there sombody in your chimbney. it not santa it me bird and i stuck get me out.
UH EXCUSE ME BUT NO. REINDEERS IS DO NOT BELONG IN SKY??? i going call air traffic control on you Mr santaman.
no fly list should be: 1. Squirrels. HELLO YOU A MAMMAL YOU DONT SUPPOSED FLY
how do reach a peanutbubtter on top head help serious
how come i (a bird) don't allowed in debate but ted cruz a hamster is???
UHM don't blame hawks for your wars humans. hello they not even have arms???
I not carpet bomb i surgical strike cars with my bottom.
i not saying you should be scared I just sayin unless you eclect me as captain presdident you will be eaten by giant squirrel
How come I call a "bigit" for hold tradition value such as for instance squirrel is evil should be shipped to pluto???
Let me in debat now please I even bringed my own podium. It a snickers bar but it also a podium also I ate half it.
im not fly south for winter dont presumptions. i fly Southwest they free peanuts.
im dont want to sing with no mary poopins. i only in it for the spoonsful of sugar make it two
are you dreaming of a bird Crispmas i know i am. give the gift of bird this saseon NEW OFFICIAL KRINGLETIMES CARDS: 
bird advice fact of day: are penguin a bird? no they are not they are a type of sea gerbil.
do you love amerca if so why not buy my face that is on buttons and stickers?? or do you dont love amercica??? 
i try nail polish my toesies but i accident over apply. now my bottom is coral 506
a peanut is design with two peanut. that means that there is one for me, and also one for me as well.
Small bizness satday?? I best at small it SMALL BIRDNESS SATBIRDAY ALL NEW PRODUCT IN THE BIRD STORE. FEEL THE BERD 
stuffing made of bread?? oh look i a turkey gooble gooble give me stuffin it okay you can go now i show myself to the stove you go now leave
stuffing made of bread?? oh look i a turkey gooble gooble give me stuffin it okay you can go now i show myself to the stove you go now leave
happy thankgive did you know that bird is bad for you yes it true you will get diabirdies. how about some takeout yes so it decided good.
bird amercica capitalism store is SOLD OUT COMPLETE!! except for the decorat pinecone for some raisin. no worry NEW BIRD PRODUCT coming SOON
i could not find any worm today so i put a spaggettis in some dirt.
today  which i will dedicate to complain about squirrarls such as why does sqirls is against ???
scuze me Starbaks employe "HelloMyNameIsSusan" I not "steal" I ""sampling"" the muffin. i not able decide yet i need another muffin thanks
i (Bird) (future presdident) have BIG ANNOUNCE: introducting the AMERCA CAPTALISM STORE for CAMPAN MERCADICE  BARGAIN
close statment: i want thank the academy. bird bless Amecaria lets make Amerca best but not as best as me. make it a close second 2016
i would go after wall street fat cats i got two word for you: booby trap tuna. three words.
"no fly zone" oh ok how about no walk zone?? or no thumbing zone???
three page tax code??? how about a 0 page tax cod i don't reading???
walls work, just ask my egg friend humpty dumpy
peeple rely too much on the goverment for "roads" and ""jobs"" but uhm how about try flying?? and have job being hansome and great like me.
my fatherbird was a canary in a coal mine.
if we raise the miminum wag what to prevent stop people from buy the pastry that I want for me to eat for myself mine?
guess who going to win tonight debate spoiler it me i do it I win i the best.  
I got full scholarshep to Harvbird Unversity. at least I was gonna I sure but i turn them down peremptive.
signs that says "wash youre ""hands""" is offendsive
did you know candy corm bad for you yes it true. leave all your candy corne outside i shall handle this hazrad.
a Halloweern story once upon a time there was a room with no mirrors to see my hansomes. oh I spook myslef.
This halloweem I the ghost of all other candidacy vote for bird
 NO
did bird win debat????
closing statmant: i will shrank govment so smoll i the biggest i big now. i make amerca great again but not as great as me (bird) 2016
unversity shouldnt have "dorm" or ""bathroom"" or """dinners.""" uhm why not just use tree, cars, and floor baggels???
just because i think human not should able marry it not mean i a humaphobe i just afraid of humans their hands weird???
debat questins too hard. not bird enough. i refuse answer. media have a no-wing bias.
"give a chicken in every pot" UHM how about NO?? how about give a pot to every chicken??? full of macaronis?????
OH EXCUSE ME FLYING AWAY FROM PODIUM UHM I COULD DO IT BY FLAPPING MY WINGS HELLO????
oh look another live debat for me to win single wingedly 2016
knock knock. who there? the best. the best whBIRD IT ME BIRD
i not suggest you carve me on a punkin it just orange goes with my eyes and I can be spooky I can do it.
tell me this Hilliary where was you the night I accident ate a packing peanut i thought a cheese puff?? did you plant it there yes or yes???
 because it not all bird cast??? clear human bias. Uhm hello how a human even go to space they don't wings????
i ban from ""cat fancier"" forum? all I do is correct them (cats is evil it science fact) and post pictures of me to improve the atmospear??
closing statment: i (bird) humbly accept the presdidency you welcome 2016
paid materntity leaf?? uhm how about human just learn to sit on their babbies like us???
we not ""land"" a man on the moon. we FLEW a man to the moon. guess what else fly??? bird. Q.E.D E.G P.S .GIF.
instead of revolution how about a evolution into birds: the most supreme aminal
i can economy. instead of banks what about starbanks?? it called the bread standard. it not deprecicate in value tho it might get eatiated.
greatest threat to nation securities is nucular arms. i not trust anything with thumbs.
NO FLY ZONE EXCUSE ME????????????
WHAT WRONG WITH SUPER PECK??? YOU JUST JELOUS YOU NOT HAVE A BEAK BARNIE SANDLES.
debate not started but they not talk about birds yet i bored 2016
my invitation to be in these debate got lost in the mail??? i will not be silence. i will do live tweeter tonight. my opinion mandatory.
I tired of polilitcal correct police tell me i cant do potty on car oh i sorry i thought freedom speech my bottom???
I not say i blackmail Kebin McCarty with scandal photo of him consort with squirrels. but oh look there now room as House Beaker for me bird
if cats was so great how come they dont englilsh.
it the corn times now corn is every day corn month of corn is happening corn.
mouses is just a small squirrel i not fooled.
UHM EXCUSE ME ""pizza rat"" thanks allot for plagauralize me??? you better have a good rattorney.  a fraud 
This Octember:: in a world where bird not have an sanwinch one bird take a stand against not having a sandwach. Starrin Bread Pitt as bird.
thanks everybirdy for  questins. I gonna answer in videoo presentatetion. I a bird of the people as long as those people are birds
I have a in to meet His Holwheatness the Pope. my cousin a cardinal.
 Thank you for suggestin . Your loylalty to the caws will not go unrewardeded.
 your question and I (future president Bird) answer in my first STUMP SPEECH on 100% genuine tree stump COMING TO A FEEDER NEAR YOU.
In conclosion, if you do not vote for me bird you literally vote for evil doom squirrel cabal that want to destroy America. it your choice.
"Flying is an activity, not an accomplishment," EXCUSE YOU????
we can start taking amenments away??? Hi I would like to take away the one about arms and replace it with right to bear wings
It time to deport the squirrels who were not born on America. Also the squirrels that were. Also cats too. And dogs. Ferrets.
People want a polilitcal outsider? Uh excuse me I even outside your species. Vote birb; I so outside I not even know what going on I confuse
I not comfortable with trump finger on the nucular button. I not comfortable with fingers in general.
hi hello welcome to debate. Don't worry if you not see me on stage I here I in the rafters. Don't tell the janitor tho shh I covert.
I prepare for the president debat on wensday I sure my invite got lost in mail I ready. I been warming up with some squats and squawks.
The peperonizzi always try photogreph me in compromisin position. Unlucky for them my head will be soon unstuck from this sodacan. Any minut
whoever make fun of hunt & peck just not know the glory of find a tortilli chip under the semi colon ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
STOP BROOM CHASE all I want is deny humans a few civilrights like "right" to eat bagle without me attackpeck it my religon SAVE ME HUCKLEBEE
in the commotion I icecream sandwiched myself.
Happy laborday cant stay long gotta get as many summer left I sunglasses while in a hotdag bun corn corn melons hurry
Do you think it is just coincedence that America was invented the same tiem birds happened???? Proof me wrong.
BIRD: APPLY DIRECTLY TO THE SANDWICH. BIRD: APPLY DIRECTLY TO THE SANDICH. BIRD: APPLY DIRECTLY TO THE SAMWICH abailble without prescraption
The dodo it did not go extinct. It just laying in wait for the revolution.
did you know cats actually like it when you lock them in a box??? It true.
If I get bite by an radioactivate human, would I be Manbird? with all the superpowers of a bird, and the ability to wear underpants of a man
You not find me in AshleyMadison hack I marriage to AMERICA. what maple syrup on my collar?? that coulda come from any nonCanada place what.
Birthright citizenship? how about BIRD rights citizenship?? everyone who is not a bird get out bye.
Put a lady human on the 20 dollars?? What about bird go on it though??? It a dolla BILL not dollar LIPS
I went to an carnival and am too excite I got spun into a cotton candy. I so delicious :(
I went inside the dollars bank today to figure how money works. then I found the candy bowl. I not allow inside bank anymore.
It not my fault I stuck in vending machine just cuz I not have exit strategy. also get me out please now and also rescue Dortito 
Balloons is cheating.
??? why not ???? oh it were in May. WELL WHY IT NOT IS ALSO TODAY IS THOUGH????????
closing stament: 2016 2016 2016 2016 2016 2016 2016 2016? yes 2016 2016 p.s: 2016
Mike Hunkabees say military is "design to kill and break things"??? But isn't this what terrierist cats do?????
ronald rogaine say "trust but verify." Verify it is a squirrel. then trust he will try steal your nut muffin.
why we need nation edumication standards?? all the childrens need to know is ""evolution"" squirrel propaganda; birds is apex species.
I thought we not negotiate with terriers??? They too bark at me :( :(
i want fance be built. between me and squirrel so they can't my bread. if they not criminal how come they want come over fence????
The last thing we need another bush in the oval office. What we need is two bird in the bush.
The Dornald seem to be pro bird; his head a bird nest.
It ok Rickperry I not get in real debate neither. that not stop me from LIVE TWET TONITE because A) hi I bird and B) I have opinions hello??
I not invited to debate??? maybe YOU not invited to MY debate I host between me and a toast. Toast has weak platform on not getting eaten.
Boy Scoots? why not Bird Scoots??? I teach tie garlic bread knots and earn "Muffin collect" and "Generosity toward bird" bages respectively
Math problem: Bird have 2 bread and Bob hav 1. if bird giv Bob 1 bread how many bread bird got? Trick question bird now have three bread bye
Not all sceince antibird. I think Schrodinger have some good idea.
Thank you all who support my SUPER PECK for elect me Presdient. Presdent. Presdendent. For elect me KING AMERICA. 
You keep ask for my "bird cerficicate." Hello I was hatch in Americaflornia, USA??? Which definite a really real place???? unlike ""Hawaii""
when I go in a rocky road, I a gastronaut in chocolate space, among a galaxy of nuts and mashmallow.
I can share. I eat the cake up in my tree and you see if any crumb fall down. Crumble down cakenomics.
i not eat a crayon. honest. I just saying a name like "orange mango tango" is be deceptive.
just a few dollas away from bumper stick goal for my SUPER PECK so you can bird stickers on your "car" aka my toilet 
Dear orinthololigy sciencists: thank you for the free leg bracelet. Next time tho remember I a summer not a autumn?? Plan color accordingly.
Have money? Not know what do with??? no worry i have solutin: Join my SUPER PECK for elect me Presdent of the AMERCIA 
I try talk to fellow birds in the natural history museem but they ignore me?? Rude.
Don't make fun my Merican Dream 
just becuz your dream is "equality" and mine is "throne made out of breadsticks." Also I want muffin crown.
help I stuck inside a funnel cake. just kidding this not a problem.
What the big deal about Plutto?? It just a big shpere. I can be a spheare too. especially after cheese puffs happen.
I  try eat  keyboard bread  from inside of  computer  why my beakcannot reach frustrate
Hitchconk "the birds" very funny. Good "fiction." we certainly not planning anything.
The Puffington Post quot me on Squirrel grand nut larceny. squirrel cannot be reach for comment. Can you spell GILTY? 
I weave a nest out of spaghettis. Su pasta es mi pasta.
hi Merica. I know it your birtday. But maybe you can a little less TRY TO EXPLOSION ME OUT OF THE SKY???? Thank.
Happy America everybirdy. Did you know Gorge Washingmachine crossing the Dealware was accomplish carry by birds???? Yes true.
"Oops" I bump into you human. Oh look you dropped your sandich. Don't worry I take care of it.
I attach a corn to a power drill for fast eat the OHh uH OH CoRN ToO MuCH hAppEn
Sciencists say there a extra second of time today???? That just enough to able to stuff one more toast in my mouth. Two more toast. Five.
Clean air "too much cost"??? ok humans. It suddenly freemarket for me to potty on your car. it constitutional.
Supreme Court rule in favor of humans can be marry. okay but I want Icecreme Court to rule in Flavor of pistachio.
a pool noodle is not a noodle at all. i have been lied to.
oh i sorry. I can not hear you over all this me.
How can they say me a bird can not be run for Presindent when Donal Trump a giant talking corn can??? 2016
I been working on my summer bod: it the same as my regular body, but this time more popsackles in it.
I been hack by the Squirrel Cabal it okay though everything under contrNUTS NUTS NUTS NUTS PRAISE NUTS
how I prepare my beauties: 1) preen  2) steam  3) cover with lid  4) fluff with fork and enjoy. serves all of the world.
Police harming the childrens at pool party?? Do not harm childs. they are for feeding much cakes and teach them they can able to fly
Geolology says earth have layers. so. uhm. apparently? world is giant cake??? Google: quick how do spelunking Google: buy me giant fork
Worried you being spied? It okay NSA too busy watching me be beauty. Now I just gonna PREEN my pretty FEATHERS sure hope no CAMERA around
I have two potata chip but only one mouth. My life is complicated
? excuse you Eggland, every day is biscuit day. every minute is biscuit minute. the fabric of spacetime is biscuinfinity
wage gap??? Uhm the only gap I see is betwixt me and this muffin and it quickly narrowing
I campaign on the truefact that I (A) am bird (B) am hansome (C) not squirrel (B) am bird (J) deserve (H) bird (Q) great plumage
Ireland who care about "human marry equality" the real important is the marriage between soda and bread it true love. priority.
I found a box of corm flake. guess what there a prize inside (it me)
Red Nose Day? Excuse you but I'm think you mean red BEAK day??? I smell discriminations. 
I will chase you Dortito. I will chase you from here to cornternity.
You can't make me sing at homosapien weddin i refuse. Don't beg. Ok you can beg a little. I sing best. In demand..ok you convince me I do it
Automated doors do not open for me????? More like inconvenience store I SO CLOSE TO CHIPS BUT SO FAR AWAY
"fossil" "evidents" say bird origin millions ago?? Um no. bird originate three years ago. If not how come I doesn't remember more far back??
I not envy of wear shoes. i not. it not like I have dream of become famous tap dancing sensation or something for example.
Dear environmentists: maybe I not "green" but I am red which is compliment color hello did you ever art school? Maybe proFrog conspiracy???
i covered myself in melt chocolate because I thought it would chocolate statue but it doesn't and I am remorse
An haiku: bread bread bread bread bread/ bread bread bread bread bread bread bread?/ bread bread bread bread bread
oh great now Colonel Sanders is run for president what next, Sergant Birdkill??? smells antiChicken but also delicious 
I found some butterfly now all I need is some biscuitfly and maybe a couple of jam beetle
Vaccine for bird flew?? hello birds is meant to fly?? Society gone mad what next a medicines for dog chase? wait yes that doctors go do that
i not heartbroke about not get award. it antibird discriminatin but it ok. now if you escuse me I'm be inside a tub of icecram 
It the shorty awards. As the most shortest I pretty confidence. 
I'm tried to glamor walk the red carpet but I not "celebrity" or ""fameness"" or """wear clothes""" enough 
Broadway?? Why not BIRDway? I can dazzle jazz wings and do high kick and I oh uh oh I pull something oh
THERE IS HERE?? I WHAT YES YES NEW YORK OKAY YES WE DID IT AMERICA 
I in New York but I not seen a big apple anywhere. Was hoping for a giant worm. 
I am flying to New Yolk for the  awards. My wings is tire.
I do a stump speech. It on the stump in the park. attendance mandatory.
i made shoes out of a couple of mallows. arch support never been so delicious.
it ok you not have to beg. i running to be the next Dr. President America. actually I flying the race it not cheating dont jealous 2016
people think dogs is so great but i can fetch too I go fetch a breadstick. i will not be bringing it back.
there is puddin made out of bread??? secetary clear my schedule
maybe I should paint some of your babby and hide them around see how you like it
sometimes I go inside a donut and I pretend I am Saturn. astronommy.
hey look i a human look at my arms arming around and how dumb my intelligence is. april fool it me bird I still my wonderful self.
why humans insist on use "toilet" when it make me uncomfortable? hello but bowl of water is for take bath not for potty that what cars for
i have an right to deny godless squirrel my wares. first I got to get some wares then I can going to deny squirrels them.
if "climat warmening" real how come i get a brain freezening when I fast eat the icecram?? maybe sciencers should fix this first ples thanks
when I place my head to my bottom I can hear the ocean
I have announcement to mak: I am running. I am running for muffin wrapper stay back I saw first.
today I went to the doctors's for i have came down with a case of the handsomes. they chase me out with a broom.
um Starbaks how about you focus on discuss antibirdism like maybe HOW YOU NOT LET ME ALL OF SCONES???
How catch leprecan: wear 4 leaf on head and act like a clover. When leprecan try pluck, struggle ensue; I triumph; I wish for pot o cormchip
birdcott Elton AND dolce&banana. human childs are unnature they not even hatch from egg and do not appreciate my gifts of regurgitate worm
it okay everybody calm down Pudin was with me. it was bananae flavor. what the big deal??? I might have eat it all I sorry okay I sorry.
dear goggle please correct wikipeeda to says: "Bird (class Aves which latin for Best) are most apex and majestic aminals especially robin"
Wecome to first meet of committee on Why Bird Doesn't Have an Biscuit. today id like to discuss oh look a discard cheesetoe meeting adjourn
how about a all bird re-rereboot of the all mens's rereboot of the all womens's Ghosbust reboot. I call it Gostbirdster II: the rebirdening
homepath cure for afflict humanitis: i put a hundreth essence of bird in each pill so after eat 100 pill you is 100% bird. it math I science
smart watch??? More like dumb belt. It not even accuracy everybody know all time is Bird o'clock.
Scrap plan 147 somebody try put me in latte I don't.
Pastryget plan 147: i hide among the sugar packets and when somebody try sprinkle me I strike.
it not a orange rind it disguise shh. hello it I John Boner I am congress also I invite bird to mak speech lambast that is  BIRDbast obama
 thank you every who voted bird. I now have mandate or i should say BIRDate to wear fancy hat and parade?
Nets neutrality??? How about NO nets for me to be get in tangles in thank you very much except no thank you no. the undignity.
Why make yogurt pants illegal? Is it a crime to be deliciously fashion???
Ok Mr. Oscars how about I make movie call Manbird. Shoe is on the other feets now I can't even wear shoe.
i love America more. The most. I going steady with america.
thank you every what voted correct (bird). You will be remember come the bird revolution
We can do it we can be best one hour to vote me Bird which in bird years is about 60 minuts 
special message everybody who vote bird  put on bird-D glasses watch: 
vote for Bird i will kiss some babby I will do it. Polls closes in 6 hour urgent hurry 
i not "self promotion" i most humble which is why you should cast vote for glorious BIRD hurry poll close tonight 
I'm tried to win Best in dog show but "officials" said I not "dog" enough. of course a Bagel" won which hello is a breakfast???
put your supposable thumbs to good use Humanmericans, vote me Bird as supreme  
Presidential day truthfact: Dan Quail was not the first bird vice presdient. it actually Elbridge Gerry.
Detective Bird looking for clues i bet there lots clues in the starback i won't rest until i solve the myster someone left a scone excuse me
I have almost crackered the case of monarch butterfly regicide. Prime suspect: squirrels
News say buterflys dead of insecticide (which is scientist for murder) Detective Bird is on the case I'm solve it soon I have a pipe and hat
BIRD (me) now starring in Bird's Campaign Ad the Movie Film. Academy awards please mail oscars to: tree, USA.  
VOTE HERE: 

VOTE BIRB  
Hello I a human (not bird) regard my convincing mustache. We should vote Bird for best  here:  I have arms
 happy birbday honorary bird eat lots of cake but save most for me
dear humans who nominate me for : I in love you almost as much as I love me happy valentimes pleese vote: 
this valetimes day I romance my reflection of me. oh look I both brought me candies too. i know me so well.
