Today on , we honor our great American farmers & ranchers. Their hard work & dedication are ingrained 
Honored to sign S.442 today. With this legislation, we support 's scientists, engineers, and astronauts in the 
Joined the  Conference this morning at the U.S. Capitol.    
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you Louisville, Kentucky- on my way!  
Congratulations Eric & Lara. Very proud and happy for the two of you! 
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster. Much higher ratings at Fox
The real story that Congress, the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information. Must find leaker now!
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. Big advantage in Electoral College & lost!
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia. This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!
: Weekly Address 
 
...vast sums of money to NATO & the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!
Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS, I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Nevertheless, Germany owes.....
Great meeting with the  Committee this morning at the ! 
"The President Changed. So Has Small Businesses' Confidence"

North Korea is behaving very badly. They have been "playing" the United States for years. China has done little to help!
Happy L Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!
My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today. Look forward to tremendous growth & future mtgs!
Great progress on healthcare. Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!
An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland,  to the  today with  Pence.  
A budget that puts  must make safety its no. 1 prioritywithout safety there can be no prosperity: 
Thank you Nashville, Tennessee! 
In Nashville, Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you Andrew Jackson! 7  
I will be interviewed by  tonight at 9:00 P.M. on . Enjoy!
CEO's most optimistic since 2009. It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!
Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville, Tennessee, tonight. Big crowd of great people expected. Will be fun!
Will be going to Detroit, Michigan (love), today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State & U.S. Already happening!
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if , failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!
Does anybody really believe that a reporter, who nobody ever heard of, "went to his mailbox" and found my tax returns?   FAKE NEWS!
Great optimism in America  and the results will be even better! 
JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! 
Meeting w/ Washington, D.C.  and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here 
Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because S 
Healthcare listening session w/  & . Watch:  : 
ObamaCare is imploding. It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet, by far! Republicans will come together and save the day.
It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. Be nice, you will do much better!
We are making great progress with healthcare. ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse. Republicans coming together to get job done!
Weekly Address - 11:00 A.M. at the ! 
 
Honored to meet this years  delegates w/  Pence in the East Room of the . Congratulations 
'U.S. Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade'  
Despite what you hear in the press, healthcare is coming along great. We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!
Great news. We are only just beginning. Together, we are going to !  
Met with  today at the . Great discussion!
LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015
On International Women's Day, join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America & around the world.
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy.
I feel sure that my friend  will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!
Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin. We are getting along great, and getting major things done!
I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry. Pricing for the American people will come way down!
Don't worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase 2 & 3 of healthcare rollout. 
For eight years Russia "ran over" President Obama, got stronger and stronger, picked-off Crimea and added missiles. Weak! 
Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation. ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!
122 vicious prisoners, released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo, have returned to the battlefield. Just another terrible decision!
Thank you to  for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45,000 manufacturing & construction jobs in the USA!
Buy American & hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda, which is: JOBS, JOBS, JOBS! Thank you .
There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right nowwe're bringing back the JOBS! 
45,000 construction & manufacturing jobs in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. $20 billion investment. We are already winning again, America!
'President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program'

Thank you for the great rallies all across the country. Tremendous support. Make America Great Again!
Who was it that secretly said to Russian President, "Tell Vladimir that after the election I'll have more flexibility?" 
Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?
Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice, he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings, not by me. Sad end to great show
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. This is Nixon/Watergate. Bad (or sick) guy!
I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October, just prior to Election!
Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier. A NEW LOW!
Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times, and 4 times last year alone.
Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory. Nothing found. This is McCarthyism!
The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs......
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I hereby demand a second investigation, after Schumer, of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia, and lying about it. 
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again. Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando. 
We should start an immediate investigation into  and his ties to Russia and Putin. A total hypocrite! 
Weekly Address
Join me here:  
It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet.
Nick Adams new book, Green Card Warrior, is a must read. The merit-based system is the way to go. Canada, Australia! 
...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. It is a total "witch hunt!"
...to win. The Democrats are overplaying their hand. They lost the election, and now they have lost their grip on reality. The real story...
...intentional. This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed.....
Jeff Sessions is an honest man. He did not say anything wrong. He could have stated his response more accurately, but it was clearly not....
Since November 8th, Election Day, the Stock Market has posted $3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. Jobs!
THANK YOU!
 

Join me live at 9:00 P.M. 
  
I will be interviewed on  at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems, in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) via :

Great meeting with CEOs of leading U.S. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American peo 
Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House. Much to be discussed, including healthcare.
Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems, and played up by the media, in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!
For first time the failing  will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation. Try reporting accurately & fairly!
The race for DNC Chairman was, of course, totally "rigged." Bernie's guy, like Bernie himself, never had a chance. Clinton demanded Perez!
Congratulations to Thomas Perez, who has just been named Chairman of the DNC. I could not be happier for him, or for the Republican Party!
I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year. Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!
Weekly Address from :  
Great optimism for future of U.S. business, AND JOBS, with the DOW having an 11th straight record close. Big tax & regulation cuts coming!
The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo.
Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally. It would be the biggest of them all!
FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn't tell the truth. A great danger to our country. The failing  has become a joke. Likewise . Sad!
Trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking 

Going to CPAC!
find the leakers within the FBI itself. Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on U.S. FIND NOW
The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time. They can't even......
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington. Looking forward to it!
Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!
'S&P 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge' 
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture...A great job done by amazing people!
One thing I will say about Rep. Keith Ellison, in his fight to lead the DNC, is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually, in numerous cases, planned out by liberal activists. Sad!
'Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities' 
Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor, General H.R. McMaster. Video:  
Just named General H.R. McMaster National Security Advisor.
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT!
My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on  concerning immigrants & Sweden.
Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House. Big 5:00 P.M. speech in Melbourne, Florida. A lot to talk about!
Don't believe the main stream (fake news) media.The White House is running VERY WELL. I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it.
Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow. Big crowd expected!
"One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen!" says Rush Limbaugh. Many agree.Yet FAKE MEDIA  calls it differently! Dishonest
The FAKE NEWS media (failing , , , , ) is not my enemy, it is the enemy of the American People!
Join me at 11:00am:
Watch here:  
General Keith Kellogg, who I have known for a long time, is very much in play for NSA - as are three others.
Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday. Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever. Fake media not happy!
Going to Charleston, South Carolina, in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it.
Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr. Tom Price, the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!
'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule' 
The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election, and so badly (306), so they made up a story - RUSSIA. Fake news!
FAKE NEWS media, which makes up stories and "sources," is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast!
The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!
Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing  (and others) must apologize!
Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!
Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez, a political prisoner & husband of  (just met w/ ) o 
Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral'  

Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport!
Tickets: 
Welcome to the United States,  Benjamin & Sara!
Joint Press Conference: 
 
Great listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning! 
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American!
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - "The NSA & FBI...should not interfere in our politics...and is" Very serious situation for USA
Information is being illegally given to the failing  &  by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred.  &  are unwatchable.  is great!
Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal, replace & save healthcare for ALL Americans. 

'Remarks by President Trump at Signing of H.J. Resolution 41'
 
Great parent-teacher listening session this morning with  Pence &  Secretary . Watch: 
The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?
Congratulations to our new  Dr. David Shulkin. Time to take care of Veterans who have fought to protect 
Congratulations Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin! - watch here:  
Wonderful meeting with Canadian PM  and a group of leading CEO's & business women from Canadaand th 
Welcome to the  Prime Minister ! 
Today I will meet with Canadian PM Trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce. 
Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest!
Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!
I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn't interested in taking all of his calls.He's not smart enough to run for president!
After two days of very productive talks, Prime Minister Abe is heading back to Japan. L
While on FAKE NEWS , Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!
72% of refugees admitted into U.S. (2/3 -2/11) during COURT BREAKDOWN are from 7 countries: SYRIA, IRAQ, SOMALIA, IRAN, SUDAN, LIBYA & YEMEN
The crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. Gang members, drug dealers & others are being removed!
: Joint Statement with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on North Korea. 
A working dinner tonight with Prime Minister Abe of Japan, and his representatives, at the Winter White House (Mar-a-Lago). Very good talks!
Played golf today with Prime Minister Abe of Japan and _Easy, Ernie Els, and had a great time. Japan is very well represented!
I am so proud of my daughter Ivanka. To be abused and treated so badly by the media, and to still hold her head so high, is truly wonderful!
Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States! 
 
Melania and I are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Mrs. Abe at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. They are a wonderful couple!
...design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!
I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the.....
Our legal system is broken! "77% of refugees allowed into U.S. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries." (WT)  SO DANGEROUS!
Heading to Joint Base Andrews on  with Prime Minister Shinz earlier today. 
The failing  does major FAKE NEWS China story saying "Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14." We spoke at length yesterday!
LAWFARE: "Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." A disgraceful decision!
SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!
Join us live in the Oval Office for the swearing in of our new Attorney General, !
LIVE: 
..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a "failure." Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!
...long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..
Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so....
Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave "service" in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!
Sen.Richard Blumenthal, who never fought in Vietnam when he said for years he had (major lie),now misrepresents what Judge Gorsuch told him?
Congratulations to our new Attorney General, ! 
'Trump administration seen as more truthful than news media'

'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban' 
Poll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries...
'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far' 
Thank you Brian Krzanich, CEO of . A great investment ($7 BILLION) in American INNOVATION and JOBS! 
Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D!
'16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won' 
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by . She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!
Thank you to our great Police Chiefs & Sheriffs for your leadership & service. You have a true friend in the 
I will be speaking at 9:00 A.M. today to Police Chiefs and Sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible, dangerous and wrong decision.......
If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!
It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!
It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!
An honor having the National Sheriffs' Assoc. join me at the . Incredible men & women who protect & serv 
I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, 1 in terror, no problem!
The threat from radical Islamic terrorism is very real, just look at what is happening in Europe and the Middle-East. Courts must act fast!
The failing  was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. Now they are worse!
An extended interview from the Super Bowl with  airs tonight at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy! 
The failing  writes total fiction concerning me. They have gotten it wrong for two years, and now are making up stories & sources!
I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies!
Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.
What an amazing comeback and win by the Patriots. Tom Brady, Bob Kraft and Coach B are total winners. Wow!
Enjoy the  and then we continue: MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I have instructed Homeland Security to check people coming into our country VERY CAREFULLY. The courts are making the job very difficult!
Just cannot  believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!
The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!
Interview with  on Fox Network - 4:00 P.M. (prior to Super Bowl). Enjoy!
Why aren't the lawyers looking at and using the Federal Court decision in Boston, which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision?
Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision
What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
After being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election, the FAKE NEWS  is still lost!
The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!
Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death & destruction!
When a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot , come in & out, especially for reasons of safety &.security - big trouble!
Countries charge U.S. companies taxes or tariffs while the U.S. charges them nothing or little.We should charge them SAME as they charge us!
We must keep "evil" out of our country!
A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris. Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U.S.
Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!
Thank you to Prime Minister of Australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that FAKE NEWS media lied about. Very nice!
Iran is playing with fire - they don't appreciate how "kind" President Obama was to them. Not me!
Yes, Arnold Schwarzenegger did a really bad job as Governor of California and even worse on the Apprentice...but at least he tried hard!
Thank you, ! We would love to have you! 
Iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the U.S. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the Iran Deal: $150 billion
Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!
Attending Chief Ryan Owens' Dignified Transfer yesterday with my daughter Ivanka was my great honor. To a great and brave man - thank you!
Congratulations to Rex Tillerson on being sworn in as our new Secretary of State. He will be a star!
If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - NO FEDERAL FUNDS?
Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!
Iran is rapidly taking over more and more of Iraq even after the U.S. has squandered three trillion dollars there. Obvious long ago!
Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!
Hope you like my nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the United States Supreme Court. He is a good and brilliant man, respected by all.
Join me live from the .

Getting ready to deliver a VERY IMPORTANT DECISION!  8:00 P.M.
When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn't work!
Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally  at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party!
The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.
The American dream is back. Were going to create an environment for small business like we havent had in many, ma 
Where was all the outrage from Democrats and the opposition party (the media) when our jobs were fleeing our country?
I have made my decision on who I will nominate for The United States Supreme Court. It will be announced live on Tuesday at 8:00 P.M. (W.H.)
If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad "dudes" out there!
There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!
protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage,.....
I will be interviewed by  on  tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!
Statement Regarding Recent Executive Order Concerning Extreme Vetting: 
...Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III.
The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain & Lindsey Graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. The two...
Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!
Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world - a horrible mess!
Somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the FAKE NEWS and failing  and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity!
Today, we remember the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger, 31 years later.  
...dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONEST
Thr coverage about me in the  and the  gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its.....
The failing  has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS!
I promise that our administration will ALWAYS have your back. We will ALWAYS be with you! 
Congratulations Secretary Mattis! 
Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day: 
. Mike Pence will be speaking at today's  -- You have our full support! 
The  is so important. To all of you marching --- you have my full support!
Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits & little help on the very weak border must change, NOW!
Look forward to seeing final results of VoteStand. Gregg Phillips and crew say at least 3,000,000 votes were illegal. We must do better!
Miami-Dade Mayor drops sanctuary policy. Right decision. Strong! 
Will be interviewed by  on  at 10:00pm tonight. Enjoy!
Spoke at the Congressional  Retreat in Philadelphia, PA. this afternoon w/ , , . Th 
of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.
The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers...
Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!
Interview with David Muir of  News in 10 minutes. Enjoy!
": . first  interview since taking office.  Tonight on  2020 tonight. "
As your President, I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people. 
Beginning today, the United States of America gets back control of its borders. Full speech from today : 
I will be interviewed by  tonight at 10 o'clock on . Will be my first interview from the White House. 
I will be making my Supreme Court pick on Thursday of next week.Thank you!
even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!
I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and....
Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!
If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!
Congratulations to  for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS  - public is smart!
Great meeting with Ford CEO Mark Fields and General Motors CEO Mary Barra at the  today. 
Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Off 
Great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the  this morning. Together, we will ! 
A photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper/lower press hall. Thank you Abbas! 
Will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in America. I want new plants to be built here for cars sold here!
Busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. Top executives coming in at 9:00 A.M. to talk manufacturing in America.
Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views.
Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!
Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.
Had a great meeting at CIA Headquarters yesterday, packed house, paid great respect to Wall, long standing ovations, amazing people. WIN!
A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to  and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!
THANK YOU for another wonderful evening in Washington, D.C. TOGETHER, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN 
TO ALL AMERICANS

So to all Americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain...
It is time to remember that...
We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN & HIRE AMERICAN!
 
We will bring back our jobs. We will bring back our borders. We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams!
The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. From this moment on, its going to be 
January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again.
What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people.
power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the American People. 
Today we are not merely transferring power from one Administration to another, or from one party to another  but we are transferring...
It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES - THE WORK BEGINS!
Thank you for a wonderful evening in Washington, D.C.  
Thank you for joining us at the Lincoln Memorial tonight- a very special evening! Together, we are going to MAKE AM 
Join me at 4pm over at the Lincoln Memorial with my family!
2017 
Great Concert at 4:00 P.M. today at Lincoln Memorial. Enjoy!
On my way! 2017 
the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for..
"It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time!" Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham.
Thank you to our amazing Wounded Warriors for their service. It was an honor to be with them tonight in D.C. 
Great seeing   and Kimberly at this evenings VP dinner!  
Looking forward to a speedy recovery for George and Barbara Bush, both hospitalized. Thank you for your wonderful letter!
Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House, Mar-a-Lago, three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday. 
. was great last night in D.C. playing for 147 Diplomats and Ambassadors from countries around the world. Thanks Alabama!
No wonder the Today Show on biased  is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!
"Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump, the latest in a string..." 
to the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!
Totally biased  went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G.M., Lockheed & others that jobs are coming back...
Will be interviewed by  on  - Enjoy!
Thank you to General Motors and Walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the U.S.!
"How Trump Won--And How The Media Missed It" 
"thought it would be hypocritical to attend Bush's swearing-in....he doesn't believe Bush is the true elected president." Sound familiar! WP
John Lewis said about my inauguration, "It will be the first one that I've missed." WRONG (or lie)! He boycotted Bush 43 also because he...
country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing "big stuff."
With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our.....
The same people who did the phony election polls, and were so wrong, are now doing approval rating polls. They are rigged just like before.
People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!
":   Trump is great, a woman with real character and class."
At 9:00 P.M. , of all places, is doing a Special Report on my daughter, Ivanka. Considering it is CNN, can't imagine it will be great!
":  I appreciate your use of Twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency." Very dishonest media!
Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!
much worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?
. "Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand." Oh really, couldn't do...
. is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!
about that...Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, & when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE." Media should also apologize
Thank you to Bob Woodward who said, "That is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...Trump's right to be upset (angry)...
For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!
will only get higher. Car companies and others, if they want to do business in our country, have to start making things here again. WIN!
The Democrats are most angry that so many Obama Democrats voted for me. With all of the jobs I am bringing back to our Nation, that number..
Inauguration Day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. January 20th, Washington D.C. Have fun!
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!
INTELLIGENCE INSIDERS NOW CLAIM THE TRUMP DOSSIER IS "A COMPLETE FRAUD!"  
mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad!
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to......
A beautiful funeral today for a real NYC hero, Detective Steven McDonald. Our law enforcement community has my complete and total support.
The "Unaffordable" Care Act will soon be history!
have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. They were VERY nice to her. She lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm!
What are Hillary Clinton's people complaining about with respect to the F.B.I. Based on the information they had she should never.....
released by "Intelligence" even knowing there is no proof, and never will be. My people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days!
Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans - FAKE NEWS! Russia says nothing exists. Probably...
It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued....
All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!
Congrats to the Senate for taking the first step to - now it's onto the House!
. is in a total meltdown with their FAKE NEWS because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone!
Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L.Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L.Bean. 
James Clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. Made up, phony facts.Too bad!
"_amy3:  It's Morning in America again!!!  Thank you President-Elect Donald Trump!!! So proud of you!!!!" THANKS!
We had a great News Conference at Trump Tower today. A couple of FAKE NEWS organizations were there but the people truly get what's going on
Intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to "leak" into the public. One last shot at me.Are we living in Nazi Germany?
I win an election easily, a great "movement" is verified, and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with FAKE NEWS. A sorry state!
Russia has never tried to use leverage over me. I HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIA - NO DEALS, NO LOANS, NO NOTHING!
Russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is "A COMPLETE AND TOTAL FABRICATION, UTTER NONSENSE." Very unfair!
'BuzzFeed Runs Unverifiable Trump-Russia Claims'  

FAKE NEWS - A TOTAL POLITICAL WITCH HUNT!
'Trump Helps Lift Small Business Confidence to 12-Yr. High'
 
'Small business optimism soars after Trump election' 
'U.S. Small-Business Optimism Index Surges by Most Since 1980'

Thank you to all of the men and women who protect & serve our communities 24/7/365! 
 
An old picture with Nancy and Ronald Reagan. 
Ford said last week that it will expand in Michigan and U.S. instead of building a BILLION dollar plant in Mexico. Thank you Ford & Fiat C!
It's finally happening - Fiat Chrysler just announced plans to invest $1BILLION in Michigan and Ohio plants, adding 2000 jobs. This after...
"groveling" when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!
Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never "mocked" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him.......
Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a.....
Rupert Murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer!
Dishonest media says Mexico won't be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. Media is fake!
Before I, or anyone, saw the classified and/or highly confidential hacking intelligence report, it was leaked out to . So serious!
Kellyanne Conway went to  this morning for an interview with . Dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. Terrible!
": "We certainly dont want intelligence interfering with politics and we dont want politics interfe "
": Welcome to President and Mrs. Bush.  
" Very nice!
I look very much forward to meeting Prime Minister Theresa May in Washington in the Spring. Britain, a longtime U.S. ally, is very special!
Congratulation to Jane Timken on her major upset victory in becoming the Ohio Republican Party Chair. Jane is a loyal Trump supporter & star
both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD!
have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and....
Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We.....
Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We.....
Only reason the hacking of the poorly defended DNC is discussed is that the loss by the Dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed!
Intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. Voting machines not touched!
Gross negligence by the Democratic National Committee allowed hacking to take place.The Republican National Committee had strong defense!
Happy Birthday !

Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida. Just spoke to Governor Scott. Thoughts and prayers for all. Stay safe!
I am asking the chairs of the House and Senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with NBC prior to me seeing it.
Anna Wintour came to my office at Trump Tower to ask me to meet with the editors of Conde Nast & Steven Newhouse, a friend. Will go this AM.
being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. Now compare him to my season 1. But who cares, he supported Kasich & Hillary
Wow, the ratings are in and Arnold Schwarzenegger got "swamped" (or destroyed) by comparison to the ratings machine, DJT. So much for....
Hopefully, all supporters, and those who want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN, will go to D.C. on January 20th. It will be a GREAT SHOW!
and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.THEY SAW A MOVEMENT LIKE NEVER BEFORE
Hillary and the Dems were never going to beat the PASSION of my voters. They saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the......
The dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the Great Wall (for sake of speed), will be paid back by Mexico later!
So how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? What is going on?
The Democratic National Committee would not allow the FBI to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by Russia......
How did NBC get "an exclusive look into the top secret report he (Obama) was presented?" Who gave them this report and why? Politics!
Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.
to make up their own minds as to the truth. The media lies to make it look like I am against "Intelligence" when in fact I am a big fan!
The dishonest media likes saying that I am in Agreement with Julian Assange - wrong. I simply state what he states, it is for the people....
...time for Republicans & Democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive & FAR BETTER!
...do the typical political thing and BLAME. The fact is ObamaCare was a lie from the beginning."Keep you doctor, keep your plan!" It is....
The Democrats, lead by head clown Chuck Schumer, know how bad ObamaCare is and what a mess they are in. Instead of working to fix it, they..
Jackie Evancho's album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her Inauguration performance.Some people just don't understand the "Movement"
massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful!
like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web...
Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases......
things they did and said (like giving the questions to the debate to H). A total double standard! Media, as usual, gave them a pass.
Somebody hacked the DNC but why did they not have "hacking defense" like the RNC has and why have they not responded to the terrible......
Thank you to Ford for scrapping a new plant in Mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the U.S. This is just the beginning - much more to follow
": Julian Assange on U.S. media coverage: Its very dishonest.  " More dishonest than anyone knows
Julian Assange said "a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give him the info!
The "Intelligence" briefing on so-called "Russian hacking" was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!
I will be having a general news conference on JANUARY ELEVENTH in N.Y.C. Thank you.
"Trump is already delivering the jobs he promised America" 
There should be no further releases from Gitmo. These are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield.
Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the world's great magnet for INNOVATION & JOB CREATION.

": Ford to scrap Mexico plant, invest in Michigan due to Trump policies"

........may be, their number one act and priority. Focus on tax reform, healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! 
With all that Congress has to work on, do they really have to make the weakening of the Independent Ethics Watchdog, as unfair as it
The Democrat Governor.of Minnesota said "The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) is no longer affordable!" - And, it is lousy healthcare.
People must remember that ObamaCare just doesn't work, and it is not affordable - 116% increases (Arizona). Bill Clinton called it "CRAZY"
General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A.or pay big border tax!
China has been taking out massive amounts of money & wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with North Korea. Nice!
North Korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the U.S. It won't happen!
I thought and felt I would win big, easily over the fabled 270 (306). When they cancelled fireworks, they knew, and so did I.
Various media outlets and pundits say that I thought I was going to lose the election. Wrong, it all came together in the last week and.....
 just released a book called "Unprecedented" which explores the 2016 race & victory. Hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me!
Chicago murder rate is record setting - 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!
Well, the New Year begins. We will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
TO ALL AMERICANS-
 & many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful & prosperous 2017 as we 
Happy Birthday !

Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!
Russians are playing  and  for such fools - funny to watch, they don't have a clue!  totally gets it!
Join 32, founded by Hall of Fame legend 32 on 1/19/2017 in Washington, D.C. 
Great move on delay (by V. Putin) - I always knew he was very smart!
My Administration will follow two simple rules: 
'Economists say Trump delivered hope' 
not anymore. The beginning of the end was the horrible Iran deal, and now this (U.N.)! Stay strong Israel, January 20th is fast approaching!
We cannot continue to let Israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. They used to have a great friend in the U.S., but.......
Doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory President O statements and roadblocks.Thought it was going to be a smooth transition - NOT!
The U.S. Consumer Confidence Index for December surged nearly four points to 113.7, THE HIGHEST LEVEL IN MORE THAN 15 YEARS! Thanks Donald!
President Obama campaigned hard (and personally) in the very important swing states, and lost.The voters wanted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The DJT Foundation, unlike most foundations, never paid fees, rent, salaries or any expenses. 100% of money goes to wonderful charities!
I gave millions of dollars to DJT Foundation, raised or recieved millions more, ALL of which is given to charity, and media won't report!
The world was gloomy before I won - there was no hope. Now the market is up nearly 10% and Christmas spending is over a trillion dollars!
The United Nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together, talk and have a good time. So sad!
President Obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. He should say that but I say NO WAY! - jobs leaving, ISIS, OCare, etc.
Merry Christmas and a very, very, very , very Happy New Year to everyone!
 
Happy  
The big loss yesterday for Israel in the United Nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.Too bad, but we will get it done anyway!
. purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: "until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes."  Dishonest!
Vladimir Putin said today about Hillary and Dems: "In my opinion, it is humiliating. One must be able to lose with dignity."  So true!
slaughter you. This is a purely religious threat, which turned into reality. Such hatred! When will the U.S., and all countries, fight back?
The terrorist who killed so many people in Germany said just before crime, "by God's will we will slaughter you pigs, I swear, we will......
As to the U.N., things will be different after Jan. 20th.
my presidency. Isn't this a ridiculous shame? He loves these kids, has raised millions of dollars for them, and now must stop. Wrong answer!
My wonderful son, Eric, will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with...
The so-called "A" list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!
Based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the Lockheed Martin F-35, I have asked Boeing to price-out a comparable F-18 Super Hornet!
The United States must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes
Someone incorrectly stated that the phrase "DRAIN THE SWAMP" was no longer being used by me. Actually, we will always be trying to DTS.
The resolution being considered at the United Nations Security Council regarding Israel should be vetoed....cont: 
I met some really great Air Force GENERALS and Navy ADMIRALS today, talking about airplane capability and pricing. Very impressive people!
I have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that I spent FAR LESS MONEY on the win than Hillary on the loss!
I would have done even better in the election, if that is possible, if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently
Campaigning to win the Electoral College is much more difficult & sophisticated than the popular vote. Hillary focused on the wrong states!
Yes, it is true - Carlos Slim, the great businessman from Mexico, called me about getting together for a meeting. We met, HE IS A GREAT GUY!
especially how to get people, even with an unlimited budget, out to vote in the vital swing states ( and more). They focused on wrong states
Bill Clinton stated that I called him after the election. Wrong, he called me (with a very nice congratulations). He "doesn't know much" ...
"_pence: Congratulations to ; officially elected President of the United States today by the Electoral College!"
"_Graham: Congratulations to President-elect --the electoral votes are in and it's official." Thank you Franklin!
We did it! Thank you to all of my great supporters, we just officially won the election (despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media).
Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking!
If my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing, they would be scorned & called terrible names!
We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it!
Thank you Alabama! From now on, its going to be . Our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase: 
China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to China in unprecedented act.
Mobile, Alabama today at 3:00 P.M. Last rally of the year - "THANK YOU ALABAMA AND THE SOUTH" Biggest of all crowds expected, see you there!
"_E:  Many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful president! "  Thank you!
Last night in Orlando, Florida, was incredible - massive crowd - THANK YOU FLORIDA! Today at 3:00 P.M. I will be in Alabama for last rally!
Thank you Florida. My Administration will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN and HIRE AMERICAN! - Watch: 
2016 

Tonight- Orlando, Florida 
Tickets: 

Tomorrow- Mobile, Alabama
Tickets: 
Well, we all did it, together! I hope the "MOVEMENT" fans will go to D.C. on Jan 20th for the swearing in. Let's set the all time record!
Are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the DNC illegally gave Hillary the questions to the debate?
Thank you Pennsylvania! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Watch here:  
Join me in Mobile, Alabama on Sat. at 3pm! 2016 
Tickets:  
If Russia, or some other entity, was hacking, why did the White House wait so long to act? Why did they only complain after Hillary lost?
The media tries so hard to make my move to the White House, as it pertains to my business, so complex - when actually it isn't!
Thank you to Time Magazine and Financial Times for naming me "Person of the Year" - a great honor!
Has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of  Magazine. Way down, big trouble, dead! Graydon Carter, no talent, will be out!
. and 32 in my Trump Tower office yesterday- two great guys! 
Thank you Wisconsin! My Administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs, jobs, jobs! Watch: 
Join me this Saturday at LaddPeebles Stadium in Mobile, Alabama! 
2016 

Tickets: 
The thing I like best about Rex Tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments.
Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. I actually picked up additional votes!
I have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world, Rex Tillerson, Chairman and CEO of ExxonMobil, to be Secretary of State.
I will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business, Cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. Busy times!
Presidency. Two of my children, Don and Eric, plus executives, will manage them. No new deals will be done during my term(s) in office.
Even though I am not mandated by law to do so, I will be leaving my busineses before January 20th so that I can focus full time on the......
I will be making my announcement on the next Secretary of State tomorrow morning.
The final Wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. The Dems and Green Party can now rest. Scam!
2016 

Tue: West Allis, WI. 

Thur: Hershey, PA. 

Fri: Orlando, FL. 

Sat: Mobile, AL. 

Tickets: 
The F-35 program and cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.
Unless you catch "hackers" in the act, it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. Why wasn't this brought up before election?
Can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and WE tried to play the Russia/CIA card. It would be called conspiracy theory!
Just watched  - So biased, inaccurate and bad, point after point. Just can't get much worse, although  is right up there!
Will be interviewed on  at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!
Whether I choose him or not for "State"- Rex Tillerson, the Chairman & CEO of ExxonMobil, is a world class player and dealmaker. Stay tuned!
I spent Friday campaigning with John Kennedy, of the Great State of Louisiana, for the U.S.Senate. The election is over - JOHN WON!
Being at the Army - Navy Game was fantastic. There is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. A wonderful experience, and congrats to Army!
I will be interviewed today on Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace at 10:00 (Eastern) Network. ENJOY!
October 2015 - thanks Chris Wallace ! 
A very interesting read. Unfortunately, so much is true.

Reports by  that I will be working on The Apprentice during my Presidency, even part time, are ridiculous & untrue - FAKE NEWS!
As a show of support for our Armed Forces, I will be going to The Army-Navy Game today. Looking forward to it, should be fun!
I have NOTHING to do with The Apprentice except for fact that I conceived it with Mark B & have a big stake in it. Will devote ZERO TIME!
., one of the finest people I know and a former GREAT Mayor of N.Y.C., just took himself out of consideration for "State".
Thank you Michigan. We are going to bring back your jobs & together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Watch: 
Thank you Louisiana! Get out & vote for John Kennedy tomorrow. Electing Kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal 
Join me live in Louisiana! Tomorrow, we need you to go to the polls & send John Kennedy to the U.S. Senate. 
THANK YOU IOWA!
2016 
Join me tomorrow!  
10am- Baton Rouge, LA. 
Tickets: 
7pm- Grand Rapids, MI.
Tickets: 
On my way to Des Moines, Iowa- will see you soon with _pence. Join us! Tickets:  2016
Today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in John Glenn. He was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. He will be missed.
If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues
Chuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!
Join me tomorrow in Des Moines, Iowa with Vice President-Elect _pence - at 7:00pm!
2016  
We pause today to remember the 2,403 American heroes who selflessly gave their lives at Pearl Harbor 75 years ago...

I will be interviewed on the  at 7:30. Enjoy!
A great night in Fayetteville, North Carolina. Thank you!  watch here:  
Departing New York with General James 'Mad Dog' Mattis for tonight's rally in Fayetteville, North Carolina! See you 
Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!
Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs....
Join me tonight in Fayetteville, North Carolina at 7pm! 
2016 
Tickets:  
Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!
2016 

12/6- North Carolina


12/8- Iowa


12/9- Michiga 
If the press would cover me accurately & honorably, I would have far less reason to "tweet." Sadly, I don't know if that will ever happen!
I am thrilled to nominate Dr.  as our next Secretary of the US Dept. of Housing and Urban Development 
their country (the U.S. doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea?  I don't think so!
Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete), heavily tax our products going into..
. will be re-running "Objectified: Donald Trump," the ratings hit produced by the great Harvey Levin of TMZ, at 8:00 P.M. Enjoy!
The Green Party just dropped its recount suit in Pennsylvania and is losing votes in Wisconsin recount. Just a Stein scam to raise money!
expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS
these companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very ...
wanting to sell their product, cars, A.C. units etc., back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but.....
without retribution or consequence, is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies ......
fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S.  ......
The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,
Just tried watching Saturday Night Live - unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can't get any worse. Sad
Our great VPE, _pence, is in Louisiana campaigning for John Kennedy for US Senate. John will be a tremendous help to us in Washington.
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday.
": Cant wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys. TW " Great to have you back Tiger - Special!
Rexnord of Indiana is moving to Mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. This is happening all over our country. No more!
Interesting how the U.S. sells Taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but I should not accept a congratulatory call.
The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!
Thank you Ohio! Together, we made history  and now, the real work begins. America will start winning again! 
Heading to U.S. Bank Arena in Cincinnati, Ohio for a 7pm rally. 
Join me! Tickets: 
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of Carrier A.C.
My thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the Southeastern United States. Stay safe!
Look forward to going to Indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of Carrier. They will sell many air conditioners!
'Donald Trump is already helping the working class' 
'President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Steven Mnuchin, Wilbur Ross & Todd Ricketts 
Join me in Cincinnati, Ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm. I am grateful for all of your support. THANK YOU!
Tickets: 
Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!
do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President,  to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses..
great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to ....
